Update #13 - Introducing our two new charactersUpdate #12 - Branching StoriesUpdate #11 - Ultimate goal: Cinematics by Dwarf Animation StudioUpdate #10 - Welcome Mitsuda SanUpdate #9 - About the TeamUpdate #8 - Fan Art ContestUpdate #7 - SummonsUpdate #6 - About Yasunori MitsudaUpdate #5 - Craft SystemUpdate #4 - Nekaroo BreedingUpdate #3 - Heading to PS4 and Xbox OneUpdate #2 - Why Kickstarter : ExtendedUpdate #1 - 550+ voyagers for Heryon Click here for Kickstarter Video in High QualityClick here for Youtube version of the Video Active Time Battle combat systemDefeat your enemies in strategic fights powered by an ATB inspired by the best J-RPG, mixing real-time and turn-based gameplay. Evolving WeaponsUnique weapon progression system based on item leveling and a special crystal enhancement skilltree with mutiple branches. Make crucial choices and get customized weapons for your style. A Fantasy Open WorldBegin your journey in the surprising lands of planet Heryon. From hidden caverns to grassy plains, from ancient cities to dark spaceships, explore freely a vast gaming playground. Choose Your Destiny in an Exciting Story Live a rich and stirring adventure driven by the choices you make along the branching storyline and many sub-quests. Release platforms: PC / Mac / Linux and Xbox One / PS4 (stretch goal required) Release date: 2016 Early Concept Demo developed by 4 people available for download HeryonHeryon was once a peaceful world. For years, the crystals gave the three realms of Astrya, Junor and Dehostra, the same access to powerful magic powers and created an harmonious balance.Then They came…They came above Junor first. In no time, their massive spaceship destroyed everything that was once a majestic capital city and they took possession of the realm. Reynan, Grand General of Dehostra's armies, took leadership for the defense of Heryon. He founded the Consortium and used all the magical power the crystals could give to launch the counterattack. Battles after battles, the Consortium pushed the invaders back and got them trapped into their landed spaceship transformed into an invincible fortress. Unable to break the siege, the enemy made a dreadful move: unleash of a terrible biological weapon people will soon call “The Metal Sickness”.Now, 30 years later, the siege is still going on and Heryon lives in pain and in fear of a new open war. The Metal SicknessWhile the invaders stood silent for years in their fortress, the plague they released quickly spread all over Heryon. The effects of the Metal Sickness are frightening. It slowly turns all kinds of life forms into half organic, half mechanic creatures. The pain is so intense that every infected being falls into aggressive madness. Despite the research of the Consortium, no cure has been found so far. People suspected to be infected are banished and most of them end up in one of many quarantine camp that arose on Junor. Those who don't reach the camps die on the way, killed by the disease, scared villagers or become wandering deadly monsters. The ConsortiumThe Consortium was founded in chaos and war. When Reynan raised forces from all over Heryon to put war upon the invaders, he did not get the approval of the King of Dehostra. In the same time his armies fought in Junor, Reynan started and won a civil war that rampaged the old kingdom. The Consortium used the crystals powers like never before to get victory on all fronts. Now, the Consortium is the self-proclaimed protector of all lands of Heryon. It turned into a supreme authority that believes in the one and only power of crystals. Its soldiers ruthlessly hunt any form of technology and machinery as well as they slaughter all the infected to prevent the spreading of the disease. Only a few dare to question their supremacy. Daryon's Journey Our story begins as Daryon, adventurous student of the Royal Academy of Astrya meets Selen, young woman from the nomad clans formed by the survivors of Junor. Both convicted for illegal use of technology, they are hunted by the Consortium. As they run away to save their life, they will meet new allies and get involved in a journey that will change the fate of Heryon. New characters added with the 160 000$ Stretch Goal Early concept for the new characters The Renegade Our renegade is a former member of the Consort. She forged herself a reputation for having a will of iron as she managed to become one of the very few women warriors of the order. But in this very conservative organization, she has never ceased to be a subject of mockery and criticism. For years, her sexual orientation has been a subject of rumors and gossip among the soldiers. This led her to a untenable situation and to a tragic event that motivated her desertion. For Daryon, she is a companion with a high level of moral rectitude. She is also a strong ally in combat, heavily armored and using a large two hands sword. The Invader As you probably already understood, at some point you will meet the invaders and learn some of their secrets. One of them will join Daryon and help him in his personal quests. He is a very experienced old man, charismatic and shrouded in mystery. Calm and thoughtful, he may appear demanding and authoritarian at some times. He is an alchemist and fights with grenade and all kinds of potions he makes. He makes tremendous zone damages and thus is a very important support ally. Edge of Eternity is inspired by the great JRPG tradition for the strategical turn-based combats and the characters progression and by the latest success of western RPG for the vast open worlds to explore and the non-linear stories. In a few words, our game is all about exploring, building up your characters, fighting and living an adventure to remember.We will also try to make our contribution to the genre by proposing our own vision of key gameplay features like our advanced weapons improvement system or our association of a world map you can explore and very larges open areas. Strategic CombatsEdge Of Eternity offers you the choice between 2 combats systems: Active Time Battle (ATB) and classic turn based. You fight with a team composed by up to 4 characters and you combine their skills and strenghs to defeat your enemies. During combat you can cast powerful spells and even summon impressive allies.Our dynamic events system affects the course of your fights. According to weather and to the night and day cycle, your characters and your enemies will profit or suffer bonuses. Pay attention at when you fight! Advanced Weapon ManagementIn Edge of Eternity, characters earn experience and increase their stats while leveling up. In addition to this classic progression, we propose an original weapon customization system based on leveling and Crystals. Each weapon is unique and progress as characters use them. Through levels they can evolve in more powerful items. In addition to the level progression, EoE propose a cystals based customization system. Each weapon has a branching tree of slots where you can crimp crystals.According to the kind of crystal it unlocks bonus, powers or skills. Each branch is exclusive so your choice really matter and customize the way you play your characters. Non Linear StoryEdge of Eternity will offer a rich adventure driven by the choices you will make. The main storyline is not linear. You will choose and follow your own path and your interactions with the universe will open, or close, multiple ways for Daryon and his companions.In addition to the branching main storyline, our dynamic event systems will change your journey through Heryon. Your characters have a direct impact on each area they visit. Your behaviour will change theses lands and your future possibilities according to, for example, people you talk to, enemy you fight, quests you achieve… And this is non counting the random events that will occur. Open-Worlds & World-Map Edge of Eternity combines large open areas designed as open worlds and a World Map system you can use to travel all around Heryon. You will explore the lands of Heryon through two different ways. On the global World Map you can journey on your mount and make many encounters. No fast travel here, the global map is something you will want and have to explore. The large areas are your main playgrounds. They are designed as very large maps where you are free to go anywhere you want inside the natural borders of the territory. Heryon is a wonderful place, full of diversity in fauna, flora and architecture.You will find many different environments to explore, each rich of specific stories and sub-quests for your heroes. And with our dynamic events systems, the same map may change as you explore it, according to the day and night cycle, the weather and random events like monsters attacks. Yasunori Mitsuda Yasunori Mitsuda is one of the most famous video game music composers in Japan. His talent has been widely acclaimed as he worked on title as famous as Chrono Trigger, Xenogears, Chrono Cross, Xenosaga, Soul Sacrifice, Kid Icarus: Uprising and more.For Midgar Studio, this is a real honor to have the opportunity to work with such an artist. Yasunori Mitsuda will join definitively Edge of Eternity if the goal is achieved and he is really looking forward to it. Yasunori Mitsuda says: “In this project “Edge of Eternity” I’ll take part as a music composer, looking forward to creating music for such an epic perspective of the world which I really love.I’m sure the game will be a great work with a collaboration between creators in France and Japan.I hope you everybody also look forward to the goal of this project, and for its realization we need your cooperation. I’ll do my best to contribute to beautiful music you all will love." Dwarf Animation Studio Dwarf Animation Studio is the new jewel in the French animation industry. Based in Montpellier, France, it was founded by film-making veterans and is considered to be one of the most promising companies in the industry. Olivier Pinol, the founder and CEO, has a rich and prestigious work experience, working on ‘Shrek 3’ and ‘Madagascar 2’ for PDI/DreamWorks and then joining Weta Digital, Peter Jackson’s FX studio, where he contributed to the lighting design of ‘Avatar’. Olivier has built a strong team composed of very talented and experienced professionals from the major studios (Pixar, PDI/DreamWorks, Sony Imageworks, Weta Digital, etc.). The studio also has its own school, Dwarf Academy, where they teach young talent the studio’s tools and philosophy.Dwarf Animation Studio’s leitmotiv is to devote technology to art. The studio has developed its own lighting and 3D rendering engine, ‘Lumiere’, as well as many production tools that have to answer any needs the artists and creators of the team may have. This powerful in-house tool frees them to create wonderful worlds such as those in projects like ‘Maëlynn’, ‘Lune et le Loup’ and ‘Winter Tale’ for Cartier.A few words from Olivier Pinol:“Our philosophy is that art must be a perpetual challenge for the technology. Every single project we have is an occasion to push our tools to their limits and to develop new ones when needed. Our partnership with Midgar is a unique opportunity to develop tools that perfectly fit the art direction of ‘Edge of Eternity’.The partnership between Dwarf and Midgar Studio will not be restricted to the creation of the cinematics. If achieved, it will allow Olivier Pinol to advise the Midgar team as consultant on the game’s art direction in general, and on lighting effects in particular, a crucial feature for the visual quality of the game and the player’s sense of immersion. Yan Shu: concept Artist Yan Shu is an illustrator, character designer and concept artist from Shanghai, China. Based in France since 2013, he previously participated as concept artist or illustrator for many projects such as League of Legends (Riot Games / Tencent), Akaneiro: demon hunters, Alice: Otherlands, The Gate (Spicy Horse Games), Kingdom of Camelot, Dragons of Atlantis (Kabam)...In 2014, he was nominated to the Spectrum 21 Award, a yearly international award for the best artwork in fantasy, science fiction, and horror.You can find more of his excellent work on Facebook: www.facebook.com/artofshuyan Thanks to Kickstarter, we hope to be able to boost the development of our game and to offer gamers more and better content.With extra resources we plan to add new members to our team on the programming and artistic sides. We also wish to preserve our independence and our creative freedom.Kickstarter is also a way for us to fund prestigious partnerships like the one we have with Yanusori Mitsuda. Adding such an artist to our project would be a life time achievement for us.We’ve been working for months to make a good game, with your help we could make it a great game ! Risks and challenges Kickstarter is a great opportunity for us to raise the attention on our project. We are coming to Kickstarter to fund the top version of the game and be able to offer our gamers more contents, better graphics, video game heroes partners… We are currently a team of 4 people. We achieved several projects together and we are very confident and enthusiasts with Edge of Eternity. Still, this is a small team if we consider the challenge we are facing. Without funding for extra teammates, the game development may be longer than expected or the game released without the extra content we want to add. We hope you will support us and give us the chance to release what Edge of Eternity is meant to be. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter