People have always been amazed by the flame. The bright red fire colors and flame dancing enchant us. If you also see something magic in this element you'll certainly like what we made for you! Flameflex is the first fire tornado ever that is able to live in your apartment with no harm or danger. It combines nature element with modern technologies. The Flameflex will perfectly fit any interior: big cottage or little cosy flat, garden pergola or bar stand. You can use it when you design your home as well as any cafe, restaurant or hotel. You also can use it outdoors (if there's no strong wind). Any company will enjoy this adorable device. It's specially made to bring in romantic atmosphere, cosiness and warmth. The principle of its work is very easy: Flameflex emulates the swirling of the real fire tornado. As the cylinder runs round, the low pressure zone forms inside and turns the flame into the 12 inch pillar of fire. There are no blades or fans there so the way the fire moves is different every time. We can see the same thing in nature. The safety is ensured by the special thermonet cylinder: the flame can't heat it up to the high degree. Even after hours of running the cylinder remains hardly warm. And special sucker cups below fix well the device on any flat surface. So if you keep it away from your children and pets the device will be as safe as a simple wax candle. The Flameflex runs both on batteries and USB. Batteries are enough for 10 hours continuous work. The bioethanol is used as fuel to prevent the smell of smoke. You'll just have to add bioethanol when it's over. The fuel is divided into two cells inside the device. The combustion is done in the upper cell. The lower cell is to provide the fuel to the upper one. 98% of fuel is held in the lower hermetic cell and so can't flow out even if Flameflex is reversed. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 We offer you four splendid kinds of Flameflex: WOOD: for people who love nature with all its gentle colors and round shapes. deep warm wood will remind you the real bonfire which used to gather our ancestors around centuries ago! BRASS: hot color for hot fire! this powerful combination is perfect for any room that needs to be warmed up. any company will just love it! COPPER: dim faded tone of this metal will give your Flameflex a mysterious glow. put it on the fireplace shelf, turn off the room's light and you'll have a pretty romantic atmosphere to make your evening unforgettable! ALUMINIUM: what can look more epic than powerful fire held by a strong metal cage? the shining cold aluminium Flameflex would emphasize the hot red fire inside which will definitely look awesome! Whatever you choose - you win! How soon you'll get your Flameflex? One of our advantages is speed. We want to establish the fastest way of delivering ever recorded. We're sure we'll do it all within three months as we've got everything necessary for this: 1. Ready-to-produce prototype 2. Production under the contract on our country's territory (we'll manage all the process from near) 3. Our well skilled team able to achieve its aims Timeline We’re the team of Ukrainian and American creative guys who decided to join their knowledge, experience and skills to give you the new lighting device – FLAMEFLEX. Everyone of us has a pretty vast experience of designing, modeling, engineering and other creative fields. We used to work up various lighting devices of indoor and outdoor interior before: chandeliers, lamps, wall lights and garden illumination. All our previous works were mainly ordered by individual clients and so were not presented on the web. However, when we started working on the Flameflex project we came to conclusion that now we’ve got a product which is interesting enough to be presented to a broad audience. The fact that our team is divided between two countries gives us a big advantage. American side helps Ukrainian partners to get acquainted with the international market, to analyse its tendencies and so present the product as well as possible. On the other side, all of the production processes (including commercials, upgrade videos and media) is made in Ukraine. As you can see, the Flameflex device has a really low price just because the Ukrainian production is far less expensive with no quality loss. And this is why we’re sure about good results as every tiny detail is so well organized here! We hope that you’ll share our enthusiasm and believe in the Flameflex project. We also remind everybody that we’re always happy to see new partnership and cooperation offers. So join us and become part of the Flameflex! Risks and challenges We understand that there are always challenges and unforeseen obstacles that arise when trying to bring a product to life. Despite the fact that this is our first product launch you can be absolutely sure about safety. The project doesn't need any extra time for designing, reworking or finding additional materials. We've got a ready-to-use product in our hands that only needs to be manufactured. You'll get your device in time as it's promised. And though we're sure that everything is under control now we promise to work hard to maintain the process from the very beginning to the successful end! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter