With #ShowerCase now you can use your Smartphone in the shower, bathtub, pool, hot tub, beach or wherever your phone needs to stay dry. Finally! The ShowerCase is patent-pending, fits ANY phone, is Waterproof and is engineered for optimal screen clarity and high Sound quality. This means you can listen to music, watch a movie or even take phone calls in the shower straight from your phone! Just suction cup it to your shower wall and enjoy!Fits ANY Smartphone Compression Technology means your phone will ALWAYS rest snuggly against the front window, no matter how thick or thin. Waterproof Engineering Use it in the Shower Take it with you on the go... Floats in the Pool Engineered for optimum Screen Clarity and Sound Quality Our Early Prototype and Design Process We have learned a lot and have had to make a lot of changes in order to design the perfect ShowerCase. Below you can see some of our early changes in our prototyping process.Our first prototype was to big and bulky, the compression material inside did need as much room as we first thought so you have been able to shrink the size from this first prototype significantly... Originally the plastic we used was too flexible. We have changed it so that it is a very firm and sturdy material so that it will ALWAYS seal tightly with any phone and always protect against water and steam. We also have changed to used the best touchscreen window material that allows you to still easily use your touchscreen and hear your audio as if there wasn't even a case. Project TimelineMay 15th 2015............ Launch Kickstarter CampaignJune 30th 2015........... Finish Kickstarter CampaignJuly 1st 2015.............. Finalize Product Design September 1st 2015... Create Molds and Tool up FactoryOctober 1st 2015....... Begin Final ProductionNovember 1st 2015... Import and BEGIN SHIPPING Risks and challenges We have already lined up state of the art manufacturing to produce the highest quality ShowerCases to get into your hands as soon as possible. However, as with all new inventions, there are potential delays that can always happen. MANUFACTURING: Manufacturing, sourcing and tooling up a factory takes time. While we don't foresee any delays, there can always be hold ups in sourcing necessary materials, etc. PRODUCT ADJUSTMENT: As we develop the product sometimes there might be changed that need to be made to improve the quality of your ShowerCase. Sometimes these discoveries are made mid process and require starting from the beginning. But these changes are ALWAYS worth it. We only want you to have the best. Your phone is your life and we don't want faulty engineering to endanger it. FULFILMENT: Sometimes shipping gets backed up when importing from overseas. These are not common but strikes and other delays are known to cause product to sit in ships until such occurrences resolve themselves. We will do everything in our power to ensure a quick and seamless delivery of your ShowerCase. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter