All pledges of 20€ and above will also receive our early alpha demo (on PC) when the campaign ends!"Square Enix Collective is delighted to be supporting the Shattered: Tale of the Forgotten King campaign. With stunning visuals, innovative camera mechanics and solid RPG crafting and story elements, Redlock Studios has struck a chord with this game."Phil Elliott, director of indie development, Square Enix. Hi there. It looks like you're here to learn more about Shattered: Tale of the Forgotten King, and it seems like I am the perfect conduit for this. In case you are wondering, this is the astounding creature called the Whisperer, fellow citizen of Hypnos's kingdom, now talking to you. Let's get started. My creator, Maxime René, has been working on stories around my universe for about ten years. He created lots of artwork, wrote many tales and even developed role-playing games based on that mythology. A year ago, he decided to take the ultimate step and gathered a team together - called Redlock Studio - to finally bring it all to life. And now is the time for you to help! I'm looking forward to meeting you all in the game, dear Wanderers... Maybe he dreamt himself up, birthed from the first spark, within his own creative consciousness. Maybe something greater breathed him to life. The truth is without a doubt beyond our humble reach and stretches past all philosophical considerations. And it might be better this way. From a thought he conjured up the Void. From a glance, he made the world. And from a whisper, he created us. For his kingdom, the first word came in a whisper. Before knowing what the sky, a mountain or a river was, this word echoed within our souls. From our birth to our last breath, we would serve and protect Hypnos. Among countless wonders of his creation, we thought we would live and dream forever. Then the King left. Nobody, even among his closest subjects, happened to know where and why he was gone, nor if he was still alive. Hypnos lost its soul without a warning or an explanation. From this moment, the kingdom gradually fell into a misty limbo. From darkness and oblivion, unnatural entities entered this too-far-gone world and crushed everything that remained, shattering the realm in three separate pieces. Soon, it was nothing more than a dead land shaped in silence, ashes and shadows. Thousands of years passed, or maybe just a moment. And no one remembers these lost times. Without any memories of your past, now begins your quest for truth. As you march on those strange places, you'll face incredibly powerful and mythic creatures; learning about them, and your own destiny. Wait a minute. Here are a few things you may like to know before you dive into Hypnos's fractured lands by yourself... Every living thing in the world of Hypnos was born silent with a mask that defines their personality. Few came to life with a name, which could only be given by the King and defined the purpose of their existence. The only ones who can talk are called Whisperers. They're nothing like other people: Whisperers wear no masks, but handle words for the silent ones. The Pretorians were once part of the Royal Army. Unlike normal citizens, they abandoned their mask and name to wear the Pretorian armor and served the King until their last breath...Or, at least, until he wasn't there anymore. Now, they serve other masters... The Demiurges, as they were named, are the ferocious entities that rose when Hypnos was falling. They are the last lords of the truth and mysteries of the world. The story of Hypnos yet has to be discovered and the future is in your hands. Will you help the Wanderer on his journey? 2D PLATFORMER The challenge for the player is to explore the whole, wide-ranging level, and then to solve it as a large-scale puzzle. Each zone is made of : One major puzzle that the player has to solve to progress through the adventure. Three minor puzzles that will give you access to secret zones or different scenaristic nodes. In this part, you must survive lethal traps, solve many enigmas and find your way through labyrinthic levels. 3D DYNAMIC BOSS FIGHT Through the game, the player will face 12 bosses, the Demiurges, and legions of the Fallen: dead creatures and citizens of the realm are now their servant and minions. There are different behaviour patterns for each one of them. The fighting system is as pure as possible, relying on: Player's dexterity, reflexes and sense of timing. Light and heavy attacks, dodging, feinting and dashing are at the very heart of the gameplay and lead to special attack chains. Skills acquired and used during the platforming phases. STORYTELLING The story is narrated throughout in the following ways: The Whisperer's narrative Scrolls from the Geodesian Book, common objects in each level Eibon fragments, hidden in some dark places. Each one carries its own vision of the story. Indeed, Shattered encourages players to collect different lore elements that will tell portray differing perspectives (if not the precise opposites) about Hypnos. You'll then have to reconstruct the truth according to your interpretation of the varying stories you've uncovered. RPG COMPONENTS SKILL SYSTEM: Unlock different passive or active skills depending on how you want to play the game. Some hidden skill trees will give different skill sets, depending on the battles you fight and levels you complete. CRAFTING SYSTEM: Every killed monster will drop Limbo Essences, which are the in-game currency. You can use them to heal yourself or throw them in the alchemical crucible. The crucible allows you to create several consumables, plus items to merge with your equipment in order to change your stats according to your preference. You can also improve your alchemy skills by collecting cardinal slivers. LANGUAGE : Every single Eibon's fragment is a letter of the alphabet. The more you have, the more you'll be able to translate the Demiurges' strange language. The player will need to understand and handle properly those elements to discover the most complete ending. We had so many ideas for the rewards that it was hard to chose between all of them. Aside from the “goodies for fun and style” as we like to call them, we truly wish to offer you rewards that are directly connected to the game to extend your experience: original role-playing notes, universe books, added lore fragments etc... The fact that you will to share this adventure makes us so proud and grateful that we really want to offer the best. Thanks again dear Wanderers, if it wasn't for you, this project wouldn't exist. The Redlock is a mystic place, a path between the universes. It is born of a will to create an intricate and captivating world. Shattered is one of the first stones. We're a French studio based in Lyon (FR) that has attracted many artists and engineers, due to our game’s special atmosphere, its graphic style and lore. Today, eight souls have joined Redlock Studio, supported by the work of a dozen other wanderers. Our goal with Shattered is to deliver an intense storytelling experience, with emotive scenery and epic boss fights. We work on creating an intimate world, through a complex tale. We want to tell a story in which the different endings are complementary, to bring a global vision and a message open to players' interpretation. As the Redlock team grew up very fast and the feedback around the project were so encouraging, we decided to go to Kickstarter to make the exact game we were dreaming of for so long. As a matter of fact, our artistic director and scenarist have been working on the Hypnos' universe for the last seven years. It is a large, complex and fully thought-out world, which now needs your help to take foot in our reality... Our first goal of EUR 80 000 is enough to fund the game, but not to remain fully independent. That would be the necessary amount to rise external funds or find some publisher – which is already done if we finally need to. So, aside from allowing us to add ingame content, reaching higher funding levels would let us remain independent... Which would be amazing. With Kickstarter, we want to buy some time to spend on Shattered, and be able to build a really huge game for you to enjoy. We, as Redlock Studio, also wish to make other games in the future, with all their universes interconnected. Helping us here and now, means helping us tomorrow... And becoming a part of Hypnos' world means becoming a part of the others to come! Hear the Whispers Let the journey begin. Risks and challenges We all worked for about a year on Shattered without any financial ressources, so we have a pretty good idea of how hard game development can be. But we also have a pretty good idea of what we are capable of now : we've gained self confidence, mutual trust and composure to go on on this adventure. To say it quickly, we're confident about Shattered, because we're determined to bring it to the end whatever may happen. Plus, several professionals from the game dev industry are interested in our studio and ready to help and direct us if needed... So, be sure we won't give up ! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter