I have been thinking about making this album for what seems to be my entire life. I’m excited to announce that the project is finally under way!From a young age, I have always felt more comfortable expressing myself with music over conversation; it’s the most satisfying way for me to give my heart to others. This album is a collection of my original and unique songs inspired by country blues and folk music, but equally from my journey on a spiritual path. On this album you will hear hints and salutes to blues artists like Blind lemon Jefferson and Reverend Gary Davis, but you also might notice the essence of social change and Buddhist philosophy. These songs have been my medicine which came to me in times of need. I would like to give them to the world with the hope that they serve as medicine for others as well! Doing what brings me Joy While this project is well under way, I need help from all of you in order to get this album out into the world. Recording an album is very rewarding, but expensive (studio costs, musicians, marketing, promotion, etc.)! Fortunately, I have an amazing team behind me to make this project the best it can be. With your donations, pre-orders and support I can finally make this album come to life. Anything you can give toward my production and promotion goals will be greatly appreciated. Any extra funding over my goal will be used towards music videos and album related costs. It’s so surreal to have a lifelong dream of recording an album and then actually getting to work on it. So, whether you are a fan, or a friend I haven’t met yet…from the bottom of my heart I thank you for helping fuel my dream to make my first full length album!Namaste,Lady Rogo Risks and challenges If the goal of the fundraiser is not met at the end of 30 days, all money will be returned to donors and the project cannot be put out into the world (oh no! =[ ) IF The project is funded (Yay!) You can accept propt release of the audio downloads and if all goes smoothly, the physical copies as well. I will do my best to ship all physical orders in a timely fashion! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter