What exactly is Schoolyard Slugger? Schoolyard Slugger is a planned mobile game for Android and iOS formats, possibly PSN and XBLA markets too. There are other baseball games on the market but this one has it's own twist. Schoolyard Slugger is a one on one type game where it's you vs. the computer or you vs. other players online. You can take them on in a home run derby or you can take on individual challenges. The game will have powerups and customizations to bring different levels of challenge to the game. Gameplay The main feature of the game will be online, one on one competition which will be home run derby style. There will be a ranking system in place so you can play people on your level or higher or just play your friends or the computer. There will be an individual mode where you take on challenges. An example would be hit a homerun. In another challenge you may have to hit 3 homeruns in a row. There may be one where you have to get 20 consecutive hits. So it will there will be challenges for you to try on your own when you don't feel like playing others or you can hone your home run swing. And don't forget the powerups. In the game there will be different powerups which which make you stronger, multipliers, better bats, etc. Funds Funds acquired will be used for paying programmers, marketing and of course fees on the backend for Amazon and Kickstarter. Reward System Without contributors, Schoolyard Slugger may not make it off the concept table. There will be rewards for those who help make this a reality, including a special reward which will be given out at random. Pledge $1 or more You will have my eternal gratitude for helping to make this possible. Pledge $20 or more Credited as a contributor on the EKG Games website. Copy of the game when available. Plus everything above. Pledge $50 or more EKG Games shirt. Plus everything above. Pledge $100 or more Customized uniform and special power up for your player. Plus everything above. Pledge $250 or more EKG Games baseball cap (Don't worry, it won't be goofy looking). Plus everything above. Pledge $500 or more (Limited Reward) Homerun package - Schoolyard Slugger shirt and baseball cap plus in game power up pack. Plus everything above. Pledge $1,500 or more (Limited Reward) Grand Slam package - Associate producer credit, a character in a future release. Plus everything above.Pledge $2,500 or more (Limited Reward) World Series MVP package - an EKG Games or Schoolyard Slugger branded tablet which I don't even have yet myself (Toshiba Thrive, Samsung Galaxy or equivalent), a copy of all future EKG mobile releases for you an 2 friends. Plus everything above. Progress Report The game has been fleshed out and everything is in the hands of the programmers at this point. If the funding is raised, the programmers will be able to move on with the programming end and art. Unfortunately I can't get them to work for free. All or Nothing As you know Kickstarter is an all or nothing platform. So if the project is not funded, no one loses anything, no cards are charged and Schoolyard Slugger goes back in the mothballs. Special Random RewardJust making sure you guys are reading to the end. There will be a random EKG Games or Schoolyard Slugger branded tablet given out if the goal is met (it could even go to someone who has pitched in a dollar) and one for every $25,000 over our goal if I'm lucky enough to have contributors who go above and beyond. There will also be random shirts, hats, etc. at different points in the campaign.