We've been absolutely thrilled by all of the support that we've gotten over the course of this Kickstarter campaign. We wouldn't have gotten this far without all of our backers and the ideas they've had. We've implemented a lot of those ideas in our updates, such as: Android Guaranteed in 2013! We received a lot of support from Android users who wanted to be able to play SolForge, and we're committed to making it happen! We'll be releasing initially on iOS and PC and expanding to Android within the year. PAX and GenCon Promotions extended until the end of our campaign! In addition to the rewards listed in the tiers on the sidebar, anyone who pledges at least $25 will receive an additional bonus starter deck when the game goes live, and anyone who contributes at least $100 will get ten bonus booster packs! We have a bunch of other information in the Updates section, including faction information, card previews, desktop backgrounds, and more, so be sure to check out the update tab at the top so you don't miss anything! These include some awesome new features, everything from promos and credit bonuses, to multiplayer-co-op! Please show some love and help us get to these goals so we can launch the best game possible on as many platforms as possible. SolForge combines all of the strategy and depth of a traditional trading card game experience with the convenience of online and mobile gaming, trailblazing a new category of games, the Digital Collectible Game (DCG). Players will be able to experience Solforge absolutely free and can grow their collection just by playing the game. Build your own decks to play against your friends, compete in online tournaments, and explore a rich fantasy world in a single-player campaign mode in which your actions can affect the direction of the story. Play wherever and whenever you want, for as long or as short as you please. Bring your DCG experience with you wherever you go! The team behind SolForge has years of experience making and playing games, and this project is the culmination of lifetimes devoted to gaming. Gary Games created Ascension, the award-winning deckbuilding game and iOS app, and our design and development credits prior to forming the company include many other games you may have played and enjoyed, like the ones listed below. In addition to our all-star in-house team, we partnered with the originator of the trading card game category and designer of Magic: the Gathering, Richard Garfield, to make sure this game is the best it can possibly be. We consider it a privilege to work with Richard on this project, as he was an inspiration to all of us as both gamers and game designers. Collectively we've worked on dozens of games, such as some of these below: SolForge was designed to take advantage of its existence in the digital space. While many digital TCGs are simply ports of existing card games moved online, with SolForge we were able to shed many of the constraints of paper games and truly explore the potential of a digital game. This new category, the Digital Collectible Game, has unlimited potential to combine the best of both physical cards and digital gaming, and here are some of the ways we’re building SolForge in this new space. The mechanic at the core of SolForge is card transformation. Whenever you play a card, it levels up to a new, more powerful version. You might play a Dragon Egg, which turns into a Dragon Whelp, which ultimately becomes a Giant Dragon! Not only do you get to play with progressively more powerful cards, but you can watch as your creatures transform into massively powerful monsters and smash your opponents! SolForge is designed for mobile play, so you can take your DCG experience with you anywhere you go. Sitting on the bus? Challenge your friend to a game! Waiting in line at the supermarket? Explore the world in the single-player campaign. Waiting for a friend? Tinker with your latest deck idea. SolForge will fully support asynchronous play, so you don’t have to worry if you have enough time to finish a game in one sitting – just take your turns when you have a chance. We wanted to make the gameplay of SolForge fast and easy to play on mobile devices, so the core of the engine is very simple. Each turn, a player plays two cards out of their five card hand, and then discards all of the unplayed cards and draws five more for their next turn. That’s it – no casting costs, no resources – just pick and play. Every few turns, each player re-shuffles their deck and discard pile together, giving them a chance to draw their higher level cards. Simple to learn doesn’t mean easy to master! SolForge has all the depth and customization of a traditional TCG, with a full array of deckbuilding features that allows players to try nearly limitless combinations of cards to carry them to victory. Playing SolForge is absolutely free. You can earn cards and currency through gameplay to improve your decks without paying a dime! John Fiorillo and Richard Garfield sat down to play a full game on Camera at Gen Con! Check it out here: We've gotten a lot of great feedback from backers and potential backers and we are listening! We're committed to having the PC version of the game available in the beta and at launch as well as an iOS version. We know not everyone has iOS devices out there, and we want as many of you as possible to be able to play SolForge! In addition to PC and iOS, we are guaranteeing an Android launch in 2013. Behind SolForge is a custom fantasy world, brought to life by top-tier art and story. SolForge takes place on a world whose sun has gone dark, transforming most of the planet into a frozen, barren wasteland. All of the world's heat and light come from the SolForge, a gargantuan spire imbued with mystic powers that protects the planet from an ancient evil. The forge also serves as a source of magical power for those who have learned to decipher its secrets. Competing factions struggle to harness the powers of the forge to advance their own agendas, but a looming threat is emerging from the planet’s melting ice that may doom them all. SolForge will have a single-player campaign mode, in which players can explore the world and face epic challenges. The decisions you make in the campaign can have far reaching impact on the story as it unfolds! While Ascension has been a great success thanks to our incredible fans, we’re still a small company working on a small company’s budget. We’re not a big studio that can fund a project like this on our own. SolForge is the biggest, most exciting project we’ve worked on to date, and we need your help to make it a reality. By donating, you’ll get in on the ground floor of an amazing game, and you’ll be able to be a part of the creative process and let us know what you want to see as SolForge really comes together. We hope that you’re as excited about this as we are, and you’ll help us make this dream of ours into a reality. We have some pretty awesome rewards for everyone who donates – be sure to check them out in the sidebar! Over the coming weeks, we will be launching more content on this page, including new gameplay footage, behind the scenes videos, and interviews with the design team. We will also be running alpha demos of the game at Gen Con Indy and PAX Prime if you want to get a first look at SolForge. We are thrilled to be launching the online card game that we want to play, and we can't wait to see your feedback on this project. Thank you for stopping by and reading about our project, and if you decide to donate, thank you! This game will not be possible without the help of the fans, and we sincerely appreciate everyone who takes part in making SolForge come to life.