Hey everyone! My name is Derrick Gould, artist name: Dee Reck. I am a South Florida based EDM producer. I have always been into music and finding the best tunes and then sharing them with friends. My Uncle Milan aka The Leather Boy produced and wrote over 50 records in the 1960's for the likes of BMI, EMI and Capitol Records. My grandfather sang songs at the Fountain Bleu in Miami in 7 different languages during the 1950's. Music is in my blood and my life. In December 2010, I went to my first ever EDM show and had an epiphany. The epiphany was that I should be making music and sharing it just like the DJ who was playing that night. Ever since then, it has been my dream to one day be in the same spot that DJ was that night (on stage, performing for hundeds of people who enjoyed the same music). Towards the end of May 2013, I will hit the 2 years in music production mark. I believe my music is getting to the point where it should be shared with more people so they can enjoy it just as much as I do. The funds from this project will help me complete two EPs of three songs each. This consists of getting my laptop a new battery (it has no life after 2 years of music production), getting the songs mastered, getting the cd's for the EPs, getting the cover art graphically made, creating a website to connect to my audience and getting these songs on iTunes/Beatport. Please take some time to view the video for previews of the tracks on the EPs I am working on and to get a more personal introduction into who I am and this project. Thank you. - Dee Reck Release Dates: EP estimated release dates (assuming funding is successful): 3D - May 21st - 3 tracks Untitled - Early June - (3 tracks) To get a feel for my music, listen to my previous releases on here: https://soundcloud.com/deereck Like my page here: https://www.facebook.com/DeeReckd Follow me on Twitter for more updates: https://twitter.com/Dee_Reck Risks and challenges Some challenges that I may face are my laptop battery having no life meaning I have to constantly be plugged in. I like to produce music all over the place so without a new battery, I cannot do so. The battery has caused another challenge which is that my trackpad doesn't function properly occasionally due to the battery "swelling" in size from using it so much. Considering I only use the trackpad for all my automation and moving through Ableton, this is an annoying obstacle. Another challenge will be keeping my website running for the future after I have been backed. I hope to have a friend help me build this site and help market it. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter