Qmote is a multifunctional, single-button remote. Using predefined click patterns to control functions on your smartphone, all kinds of actions are available at the simple click of a button. Your smartphone is smart, but have you ever wished you could do even more with it? What if you could control your phone while driving, or while lying comfortably on your bed with your phone out of arm’s reach? This is where Qmote comes in. With your phone acting as a smart hub, Qmote offers you easy and intuitive functionality, all at the click of a button. Hack Your Life With Qmote Your #1 Presentation Companion Simply switch Qmote to “Presenter Mode” and it becomes a light and handy presentation device. It requires neither awkward dongle nor additional software drivers, automatically linking to your computer through Bluetooth Smart on Windows and Mac. As a presenter, Qmote works like a charm. Your Smart Home Dreams Come True! Qmote is fully IFTTT integrated! You can use IFTTT to access a huge array of channels and set up actions in series based purely on your own desires and needs. With Qmote, the only limit is your imagination.Using Qmote in conjunction with IFTTT, the smart home is no longer science fiction, but a reality to be experienced. How Qmote is Going To Revolutionize The Smartphone Uncompromised Fashion and Portability Qmote is housed in a brushed aluminum case, an aesthetically pleasing combination of delicacy and durability, the union of beauty and practicality. Available in golden amber and gray obsidian, Qmote’s water-resistant design allows you to use it anywhere, anytime. The Most Intuitive AppThe Qmote app is only needed for configuration, so we have made it as easy as possible to use. Simply choose a preferred click combination, assign it to an Action, and there you go! Endless Possibilities!Over and above what the demo video shows, Qmote’s nearly-endless applications are there for you to explore. Exciting multifunctional media control, available for the built-in music App, Spotify, and Google Play Music, is just one such example. Let's See What Makes Qmote TickQmote uses Bluetooth Low Energy 4.0 to connect to your phone, paring up easily and securely with your phone via Qmote App. Qmote uses one changeable CR1620 coin cell battery which can be used for up to a year with regular use. Size: 3.9 (L) x 3.3 (W) x 0.5 (H) cm Weight: 6 grams, just about the weight of a quarter Battery: User-replaceable CR1620 coin cell whose life can last approximately 60,000 clicks or 12 months. Connectivity: Bluetooth Smart (Bluetooth 4.0) Compatibility: iPhone 4s & later, iPad 3 & later, and Android devices on 4.4 and above Water rating: IPX7 - indoor or outdoor use in the presence of rain, snow or brief splashes of water Firmware Over-The-Air UpgradeWe will be constantly improving the functionaility of Qmote and releasing updated versions of firmware, which can be easily upgraded over the air with just a few touches and clicks.Being able to upgrade Qmote over the air means you can easily acquire new functions, including connections with future smart appliances. Get ready for the evolution of the Internet of Things!What's Up Now, And What's In Store Stretch Goal REACHED - New Color! The $120K stretch goal has been reached! As we promised, NEW COLOR is now available! Since this new color option is Kickstarter only, you might want to take the opportunity by getting (more) Qmote now on Kickstarter!***Please understand that different monitors may display colors differently, and we will try our best to match the PANTONE color when producing Qmote.Qmote For The MakersWe believe it is the people who make the product great. The core philosophy of our company culture is, “Be the Maker.” We have designed Qmote technology to enhance the everyday life of the consumer through better control of their smartphone and smart home. With your imagination, we believe that Qmote possesses nearly endless possibilities. As such, we want to equip you with the capability to explore what you can do with it. The Qmote Maker’s Module has all the functionality of a standard Qmote device, with the added feature of enhanced control input via UART with AT commands. The Maker's Module works with the same App and is also fully integrated with IFTTT. With UART, Qmote functions easily in conjunction with Arduino, Raspberry Pi, or any other development board. Without any knowledge of Firmware or App programming, you can easily send messages regarding your project to any IFTTT-enabled Internet platform.To explore some great Qmote Maker’s Projects, please check out our Website at: http://qblinks.com/devkit/makers About UsQblinks is an exciting research and development team undertaking innovative exploration into the world of wearable and smartphone-centric Internet of Things products.Our development team is located in Taiwan, with a distribution center in Santa Ana, California. The Qblinks team is made up of people with a wide variety of skills. All of our design and development is done in-house.Qblinks is an enthusiastic company providing our customers with straightforward and simple products in the rapidly emerging field of low energy technology and Internet of Things. Credits Risks and challenges We are a team with a variety skills and years of experience in making wireless products. Yet the greatness of this product depends upon more than just our team. We have done our best to secure the right partners, manufacturers, and to establish the supply chain. Also, we completed our first working prototype way before the start of our campaign in order to ensure that we can deliver what we have promised, inside and outside. Compared with other wireless technologies, Bluetooth Smart technology is relatively new. Even Apple and Google are continually changing their Core Bluetooth Stack. To ensure the long-term compatibility of our product, we have made Qmote Over-the-Air upgradable. As a Qmote backer, we promise that your Qmote device will always offer the latest and newest functionality. We will be sending frequent updates to all of our backers in order to keep you abreast of developments. Setbacks are almost inevitable, however, we are committed to getting Qmote into your hands. We are so excited for what the future holds in store. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter