What is this film about?The Great Art of Being follows the story of Norman (Paul Salvetti), an insecure and anti-social History teacher, whose daily monotonous life is disrupted by the arrival of Astrid (Stephanie van Rijn), the new art teacher. As their ideologies and social strategies collide, both will learn the value of friendship and trust in an unexpected turn of events that will show them that sticking to what they know is not always the best way to deal with problems in life, and that sometimes all you need is a different perspective. Norman will learn how to come out of his shell and Astrid will have to deal with her soon-to-be ex-husband Zeke (Billy Peck), former front man of a Rock Band, as he attempts to regain his grip over her. All in all, The Great Art of Being is a comedic drama that is sure to bring a smile on your face, some good laughs and most importantly, a beautiful message that will touch your heart. G. Paul Salvetti as Norman Kelley, an old fashioned and socially awkward History teacher, and lead character in the story. Stephanie van Rijn as Astrid Baumer, the newly arrived Arts teacher and instigator character of the events in the film. Billy Peck as Zeke, former front man of a failing Rock Band and Astrid's soon-to-be ex-husband. The team behind the Project (Who are these people?!)We are a group of independent filmmakers and actors driven by passion and determination. Our objective is to share our art, our perspective. We want to send to all of you out there, a message that will hopefully reach out and spread through out the world.We had previously been working in short films and smaller projects, and just a few months ago we decided to take the big step: Our first feature film.It wasn't an easy step to take but we trusted each other and we all jumped right into it without hesitation, and on July 22nd, 2013 we started shooting the film. Director Jose Rico (Center) along with David Goldstein (Left) and Steve Karpew Jr. (Right), two amazing men we met during the first few days of shooting that became an incredible support for our shoot! With a great script written by Stephanie van Rijn, our locations locked down (Special thanks to the Raritan Valley Community College!) and our main team assembled, we proceeded to getting the shoot done, and in the blink of an eye we were making our dream come true! The story we had visualized was now becoming real... Pawel Biel, our awesome Director of Photography (His credits include "I am Legend" and "The Incredible Hulk") sitting proudly next to his RED:Scarlet camera After a few weeks after hard work, great performances, meeting new people, expanding our team and very long shooting days, we made it. We shot our first feature film! But that's not the end of the story... The team getting a shot done! What comes next...(And why we need your help!)Shooting a film is just step 2 in the process. We have our footage, our raw material, now it's time to shape it into a real film! But we can't do it without help, and this is where Kickstarter comes in.We need your help to raise funds necessary to finish this film. These funds include post-production, sound editing, mixing, music composing, festival entries and of course, what's required for us to deliver all the perks we're offering in this campaign! Our DoP is not afraid to put his camera inside a running river to get beautiful footage! With your help we'll be able to finish this feature film and also we'll have the chance to offer public screenings in festivals and in local theaters in New York, Ohio, Mexico, Montreal among other locations.What do you get in return?The great thing that Kickstarter offers is the chance for our potential audience to get involved with the project. People are no longer just spectators waiting in line to see the film, they can actually be part of it!Have you ever wanted to go watch a film and tell your friends: "Hey I helped that movie! I was part of this!"? Well now you'll have the chance to do it! Not only do you get to be part of this project, but if you check the right side bar, you'll see our additional rewards and perks for helping the production, ranging from DVD copies shipped right to your home, to hand made items forged by our lead actor himself (Yes, G. Paul Salvetti is not only an actor, he's a skilled blacksmith as well, and he is willing to give YOU a treat) and some props used in the film itself! Not enough? How about tickets to our different private screenings, the chance to hang out with cast and crew at these events and some Producer credits on IMDB and at the end of the film?We appreciate your help and we want you to know it. With your support you're not just a backer, you become part of our team, our family. We've all given our 100% to make this film and we really want to share the ultimate prize with you: Making a Movie! Risks and challenges Like any other feature film, there are challenges that arise during the process. However, our film has already been shot and we're ready to edit and give shape to this project, which eliminates the uncertainty of whether the film will be done or not, a common predicament for films that attempt to raise funds before shooting. Our challenge now lies in getting the editing done, to give definitive shape and mold our footage into a smooth narrative structure that will be enjoyable to all audiences, and then send it through the right channels so that YOU, the people can watch it and enjoy it! Editing is not an easy process. Although it's already guaranteed that we have the material recorded, putting it together can take a while since it covers the whole process of putting the video together, syncing audio, mixing dialogue, composing and placing the original score, color correction, and of course, marketing and distribution, but with your help and support we'll be able to give this story what it deserves: To be shown to the world and to be shared among family and friends! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter