We are launching this new Kickstarter campaign in order to get a little help from the community with finishing up our game Vengeance. Vengeance, when completed, will be released on the PC platform as well as Mac OS, and Linux. There is also a possibility of Vengeance being released on the Playstation Store for PS3, and a light version on the Ouya system.The funding that we acquire from this and other crowdfunding campaigns will be used for the following: Studio Lease: We have a location picked out with low rent and ample space. $20,190 to cover the first year of our lease Music & Sound for Vengeance: We are working with Cicada Music on the music and sound for Vengeance. $24,000 would cover our expenses for them. The remaining $16560 would cover the licenses that we need in order to complete the game as well as streamline our development process. To-date, Vengeance has gone very well and has continuously pushed forward. We are on task to finish Vengeance by December 2013.Your crowdfunding contribution would help us meet that deadline!Right now No Limit Games has 18 talented people working with us to complete this game, and recruiting more people is planned to be happening soon.Armed with a strong desire to succeed and a newly formed strategic partnership with a unique up and coming software protection technology our game will not only succeed but will also be pirate proof. Which gives us more of a chance at having a successful result when it hits the market.Work done so far Chi Lo Pac Jason Krigg Matt Priest Hyung Park Above are a few of the characters that we have modeled and rigged. Two of them are being worked on for animations right now.Below are some samples from the animations done with a test model.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TA5-9nKR7CA&feature=youtu.beHave a question about Vengeance, check us out on Crowdfundingforum.com Risks and challenges Through careful and meticulous planning there should be very minimal obstacles that we will face after successful funding.The only risk is unexpected delays due to additional programming requirements as a result from beta testing to ensure proper play balancing. If we don't receive funding the development of Vengeance will continued forward regardless. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter