Press LinkDon't forget to check out our video bloopers at the bottom! The Diskus is the world’s first portable MFi watch charger for the Apple Watch. Giving you the freedom to leave the charger it came with at home and make the Diskus your go to portable charger. It was created because we all forget something some time in our life. This time it ended up being the 6-foot Apple Watch charger on a quick business trip or weekend getaway and the watch to die before nights’ end. Now you can always have a backup charger that is not an arm and a leg in length. With the diameter being a little larger than a quarter, it makes it easy to carry the Diskus around in your laptop bag, purse or even your pocket. Yep... It is that easy. Away from home On the go! 1) Your iPhone runs out of power on the go right? So you have a power bank for that reason. We said no to more batteries and yes to simplicity. 2) It would be more than 2-3 times the size. "Is that a power bank in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?". 3) Oh did we mention that it would cost twice as much to make? That means a lot more money for you in the end. The simplicity of the pouch 6 ft Apple Watch Charger vs The Diskus We are the creators of the K11 Bumper that launched on Kickstarter last year during the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus launch. We successfully had 4,686 backers pledge $173,820 during our campaign. We were also able to fulfill 15 days after our estimated target of "Nov 2015". We are very proud of the last campaign and the K11 Bumper. But of course, there is always room to grow. With over 20,000 K11 Bumpers sold to date, we were able to listen to our customers on what they wanted or would like to be updated on the next version and/or other products. Stay tuned to see what we have next as the future is bright! Jennie (Artist Extraordinaire), Jackson (Pretends to be boss), Adam (Makes people happy), Joseph (Makes boxes), Lewis (Tapes boxes). Missing Mike and Dennis! Risks and challenges When it comes to fulfillment, every project has potential obstacles, from production delays to permits to collaborator mishaps. If setbacks do arise (we hope they don’t, but it happens!) we have a very experienced staff and amazing collection of mentors. Since this is our second rodeo, we feel pretty confident. Our teams families are depending on the success of this product, so we are going to work incredibly hard to ensure we accomplish our goals. The only way we can do that is with happy satisfied backers. The money we raise will go to the very expensive production and licensing to make the Diskus®. We saw this problem and we wanted to solve it in an awesome way. We just want to make sure that it is certified with Apple. Our plan is to fulfill all orders within the month we stated. If there becomes an influx of backers, we are ready to produce more tooling to aid in speeding up the fulfillment time. We have taken all the necessary steps to make sure we can handle all of the pledges that come our way; from quality control, packaging, master packs, shipping options, customs forms for import/export, receiving in house and then distribution to you backers. We have all the options from surveys to back up fulfillment centers. Our goal is to get these to you as fast as we can so you can stop playing with that jump rope of a charging cable. It's go time! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter