Business Intelligence in the palm of your hands! MattersIT is an IT Consulting firm based in Connecticut that provides cloud services to its customers around the world. We love what we do for our clients but we are not satisfied with just providing cloud services. We understand that in this day and age, apps are just as crucial to the success of businesses so that’s why we are introducing the Matters Business Intelligence app.I have two inspirations for wanting to create such an app. The first inspiration behind this was mainly for small businesses to make smarter decisions to grow their business. You see many restaurant and retail businesses fail due to bad inventory practices.The second inspiration came back in college when I was working for an inventory company during winter and summer break. We had to drive all over the state to count the inventory for major retailers. The work was taxing and the odd hours got to me. There had to be a way for this to be more efficient but at the time, there wasn't. Needless to say, I couldn't wait to go back to school.We are building this app off of Near Field Communcation Technology(NFC for short). This technology will allow for data to be exchanged from an NFC tag to the smartphone. Our goal is to have the app instantly update once inventory has been scanned in. Here are a couple of screenshots we have thus far: We’ve done our market research on what kinds of app people would like for their business. The options given were Inventory, Customer Database, Sales. Below are the results of that research: Inventory - 36% Customer Database - 34% Sales - 30% Inventory eeked out the win over Customer Database so we are going to start there. Our goal for businesses is to have all things connected to the Internet, technically known as the “Internet of Everything”. When we create the app, we want to take the guess work out of the process and provide the user with everything they need. For example, if you are a restaurant owner and are preparing for the weekend rush, wouldn’t it be nice to have an app to alert you with “running low on eggs, please order more” without having to check your refrigerator? Maybe you own a retail clothing store and have a popular item that sold out in a week but that may be on a rack that’s high up in your store or not visible from your register. Wouldn’t it be nice to have an app to alert you with “re-stock those cool shirts that just emptied out” without leaving your backroom or register? These are some of the exciting things that we’re working on and hope to bring to an Android device near you with your support! Risks and challenges One risk may be that business owners may not be ready to convert over to such an app to update their inventory. We plan to push this out to a beta group to test so they can be more comfortable with NFC technology. One challenge we may face is not having enough staff to create the app if we cannot handle the demand for it. Right now we are a 2-man team and will look to grow once we have processes in place. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter