Our Kickstarter Campaign is Complete To buy your own Water Hero, visit us at www.waterhero.usPERFECT FOR CHRISTMASBoston Magazine: "Buying for the Techie in your life just got a whole lot easier." See some of the great press coverage here! WATER HERO IS “SMART” LEAK DETECTION + PROTECTION FOR EVERYONE Go to work or relax on a beach knowing that your home and belongings will still be in their original condition when you get back. Know that you do not have 3 months and $40K or $75K or $$$K, of water damage remediation awaiting you. Automatically protects your home from catastrophic burst pipes Alerts you to potential pipe freeze conditions Monitors your water usage to detect costly leaks 75% less expensive than major competitors, yet more powerful FLOW SENSOR easily straps to side of water meter. EASY DO-IT-YOURSELF INSTALL Our device is NOT just for the handy-around-the-house, but for everyone. With Water Hero, no plumbing experience is necessary. Since no pipes are cut, there are no plumbers to call. All you do is: Strap the Water Hero device to the side of your existing municipal water meter Clamp our shutoff motor clamps over your existing manual water shutoff Plug it in Download the App (to your existing Smart Phone) SHUTOFF MOTOR easily clamps over ball valve shutoff. HOW WATER HERO SAVES YOU WATER AND MONEY The features that make Water Hero such a powerful leak detection device, also make the Water Hero the most powerful tool of home water conservation. Compare day to day and month to month usage Track billing period water usage. Avoid billing shock. Assess the performance of your water use appliances. Pay for upgraded appliances with savings you calculated with Water Hero. Acquire data to support efficient user behavior (Teenage daughters are always persuaded by data.) HOW THE PHONE APP WORKS Our Standard App is free forever for everyone.Our Premium App is free forever for most KickStarter supporters, and 24 months for all others. (see pledge options for details)The Standard App allows programming of the Water Hero leak detection preferences remotely from your Smartphone or browser. The Premium App upgrade enables text alerts, 24 x 7 access to water usage data, temperature & humidity data and analytics. Water Hero App water usage data PLEASE SUPPORT WATER HERO Support us with your purchase of Water Hero to protect all of your homes, 1st, 2nd, and 3rd. Tell / Tweet your networks / friends.Water Hero is the kind of good idea you spread before the people you know experience the worst aspects of indoor plumbing. PLEDGE SUMMARY Why is the same kit available at different prices? All Kickstarter supporters receive discounts, but the earliest supporters get a slightly steeper discount. Don't wait. HOW WATER HERO WORKS The Water Hero sensor detects magnetic pulses produced by the flow meter in your municipal water meters. Each pulse represents a fixed amount of water. The onboard microprocessor compares water flow to user limits. Continuous flows over limits trigger alerts or automatic motor shutoff. The Microprocessor connects to your home WiFi network which connects to the cloud, where intensive analytics are preformed Battery backup provides for continuity of protection SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS: A municipal water meter indoors (the outdoor Water Hero is in development) Household power accessible to water meter Home WiFi signal A ball valve main water shutoff(does not apply to FLOW SENSOR ONLY purchases) No fire suppression sprinkler systems.(contact us if your sprinkler feed is BEFORE the main shutoff) Ball Valve (Left) with lever is compatible. The Gate Valve (Right) with wheel-type shutoff is not compatible but a solution is in development. "This product has been thoroughly reviewed by the team at Dragon Innovation to ensure a sound design and manufacturing plan." Click Image to view certificate. PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT MILESTONES Housing Design Finalized 3D Printed Housing Prototype PCB Boards Printed PCB Boards Populated with Components Printed and populated PCB board (left) prior to mating with the Spark Core (right). Hi volume manufacturing relationship established Patent Pending Field testing of boards and sensors Field testing of App visualizations and Cloud integration THE WATER HERO TEAM First Prize at the Clean Web DataJam competion at Greentown Labs, June 12, 2014, sponsored by the Massachusetts Clean Energy Center. We are Water Hero. Our work is in the basement and soon wherever your water meter is located. We are dedicated to help you live more efficiently and steer you clear of life’s unpredictable plumbing catastrophes that end with a dumpster in your driveway.We know……we truly know, that leak detection and automatic main water shutoff lacks the glamor of other crowd funded products like electrically-induced clothing transparency, drone helicopters for babies, and hot-tub barbeques. Unlike those devices, Water Hero will be protecting you and your family long after your baby passes the 28 lb (12.7 kg) limit, and temporary public nakedness goes out of style. Water Hero protects your home and all of the stuff that make up your life. For everyone, not just the 1%. Risks and challenges Water Hero has an experienced team that has launched several successful businesses and consumer product lines, and was developed in close collaboration with our supplier and manufacturing partners. Dragon Innovations has scrutinized our costing, engineering and manufacturing plans and certified our Kickstarter Campaign. Yet despite our best efforts things don't always go according to plan. such as: Ship date: Though we were very conservative in our scheduling, manufacturing is like a symphony. If one Oboe plays out of tune, we will be aggressive with the Oboe player (in ways that don't leave marks) to minimize the "Oboe's" scheduling impact. Product changes: Product adjustments, tweaks and refinements are part of every product launch, and there will be tweaks here as well. When they happen, they will be for the benefit of you our supporters. We pledge to be tenacious in overcoming any unforeseen hurdles and to keep you informed about challenges we may encounter. Thank you, to all of our Water Hero backers, for joining us to make Leak and Pipe Burst protection affordable and available to everyone! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter