YOU CAN HELP US REACH OUR GOAL!¡TÚ PUEDES AYUDAR A ALCANZAR LA META!Video subtitulado español, AQUÍ Texto español AQUÍ. Texte francais ICI. ("Ukukus, Ekekos, Pïshtacos y Lanlacos", titulo en español)The Project Nor Yauyos-Cochas, high in the Andes mountains in Peru, is one of the rarest and most beautiful ecosystems on the planet. It developed over millions of years, as the seas covering that part of the Andes receded, giving way to marvelous glacier-fed lagoons. It is also one of the most impoverished regions in the world. We're making a movie here because we want children all over the world to become aware of the frailty of nature and we’re using nature-friendly Andean mythology to do it. What makes this project special, aside from sorcerers, ancient Inca gods coming to life and a fantastic production team, is the environmental impact we know it can have. Through Eduin we're creating a message that’s global and environmental, a message that will inspire the next generation to take care of the planet. Because of this environmental message, the Mountain Institute has already given the project a letter of support. The film is Eduin and the Golden Scepter of the Incas. You can learn more about it on our website. Check it out. The Movie Amidst surges of Andean earth magic, a young boy faces an evil sorcerer with the help of a blind girl, a mythological bear-man, and a very powerful, absent-minded fellow who just might be an Andean god if he could only remember who he is. Welcome to Eduin’s world! Come with us to a land of ancient magic and rituals, a land where Andean gods are alive and superhuman heroes battle dark wizards to save the day; a land where one small child and his donkey can make all the difference in the world. Meet Eduin's Team See where it all happens! Eduin's Facebook page, share it with your friends! Why should you back this project? First, it’s a great adventure film with an original story based on the magic and mythology of Andean culture, deeply rooted in a sense of respect for nature and fellow man. Second, this film has something no other film has ever had – an environmental message with a social impact plan that can bring lasting benefits to hundreds of people living in poverty. So you’re not just making a great movie for kids, you're making a real difference in the lives of a lot of people. Remember, the kids who will watch this film are on the front line. They’ll make the future choices to protect, preserve, or destroy this earth. With Eduin you'll be part of helping them make good choices. Distribution-Marketing-Publicity: Our Associate Producer is already in touch with festivals around the world for Eduin's inclusion in the top festivals. And it doesn’t hurt that director Gaston Vizcarra’s last film Guachiman (Watchman) just broke all box office records for a Peruvian live-action film in the past 3 years. He also won the prestigious Montgomery Award at the Chicago International Children’s Film Festival. To contact Gaston about the project, reach out to him here.The film’s website has launched (eduinylosincas.com). Dual language PR and social media campaigns have been in development with Olson Communications. François Painchaud, one of the industry’s leading web marketing consultants, is developing the online branding strategy for Eduin. These multi-platform marketing strategies will create high market demand for the film’s television and DVD releases, building buzz in the Hispanic market for months leading up to the release of the film. The ecological and social impact plan is a key part of Eduin’s unique PR appeal, and will drive national press, social media and Hispanic audiences. Financing We’ve been knocking on a lot of doors and windows and we’ve already had some solid success. For starters, we’ve funded part of the shooting budget through a grant, and after we shoot, we have a first rate postproduction partner in Animal FX. They’re standing by to bring Eduin’s magic all the way into the movie theaters. But we still need your help to reach our shooting budget. We are 39,000 dollars short and for us that’s a big gap. (Seriously, we could use so much more than $39,000, but that amount guarantees the film gets made.) We start filming September 2012, and begin post production in November 2012. Our plan is to have the movie finished and ready to premiere by July 2013. Mark your calendars and take a look at the rewards you’ll get for helping Eduin make it to the big screen!