Click Below to see a brief glimpse of the game in action You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Nature Hater is a game which seeks to challenge preconceptions of what constitutes a ‘hero’. It is the result of a core team of passionate game developers and content creators and their dedication to producing innovative and challenging interactive experiences.In a nut-shell, you play a platypus named Dean, who is killing his way to God for the ultimate showdown!Visit the play store to download our demo by clicking here or pasting the following url:https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.Therapist.NatureHaterYou can also play the game on-line here:http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/632719 The Nature Hater team is made up of professional creatives from a variety of backgrounds. Adam Comiskey is company director of the award winning animation studio Pew36 & course leader of Animation at the local university and Nick Thomas is the technical guru responsible for making it actually work. The rest of the team are classically trained animators and animation lecturers. The products current status is a fully functional demo of the basic gameplay experience, and we are seeking funding to implement all the features contained within our original vision and hopefully beyond. Our initial goal is to get the core experience complete with all the core levels. The art side requires a relatively short amount of time to complete compared to the technical implementation of the art assets. So the bulk of our initial funding goal will be to cover technical aspects of production. The creative team are committed artists and sharers of knowledge, and part of our mission statement is to provide opportunities for the local, next generation of artists. We have strong ties with the local university and provide a hot desk to several schools and colleges. Funding this project will not only enable the professionals here, to complete a project they are passionate about, but it also kicks open the door to industry for many young people who are looking for their big break.The stretch goals are designed to iteratively enhance the experience by implementing increasingly complex game mechanics and game-flow. The game follows Dean, a bitter, buck passing, grudge bearer who blames nature for his lot in life. He looks around the world and sees beauty in the design of all living things...all living things except the platypus. He hates what he is, he hates that he is an egg laying mammal with no nipples. He hates what nature has done to him and nature has got to pay.The game draws inspiration from classic arcade shooters, with modern dynamics and touch controls, to make it the perfect casual gaming experience, and all this is set to a soundtrack from some of the coolest up-and-coming bands.The player must help Dean kill as much of natures spiteful beauty before eventually confronting God himself. Currently, we have the support of some amazing bands and our game has a kick-ass soundtrack. Head over to their facebook pages below: The Lost Souls Club https://www.facebook.com/thelostsoulsclubBlack Sixteen https://www.facebook.com/blacksixteen We also have a great deal with Fonze clothing, and have enabled us to get some incredible quality t-shirts for you. Fonze.co.uk Nature Hater is spread across 4 gaming zones: Deans journey begins in the heart of nature, a forest. Dean will need to kill a variety of woodland animals before taking on the boss, a dog-launching grounds keeper. The game then moves into an urban area with ‘enemies’ such as teenagers at bus stops and their Staffordshire bull terriers. Then the game takes us up to the roof tops where Dean gets to battle against a range of pets and knock out peoples satellite dishes for fun. The final game zone is the towns zoo. Here the range of animals get much more exotic before taking Dean in to the zoos ‘creation’ exhibit. The game currently has 2 basic enemy classes; one for basic flying enemies, the other for basic scuttling enemies. The basic flying class of enemy is suitable for enemy fodder such as pigeons. The basic scuttling class is suitable for squirrels or hedgehogs.Upon reaching our initial funding goal, we will implement 2 new enemy classes with more complex routines. Projectile throwing enemies: These will be integrated into more complex levels, for example, owls that drop eggs, or chipmunks that throw acorns. Ramming enemies: These will be for larger enemies whose primary mode of attack will be to run at, and ram into Dean. The game currently features 1 complete level artwork, and 2 level artworks at varying stages of completion with design layouts for many other levels. All three levels contain complete game-play including 3 enemy variations (pigeon, grey squirrel, red squirrel).Upon reaching our initial funding goal, we will complete all game art assets for 9 further levels (3 remaining game zones) and 12 new enemies.Proposed levels for initial funding goalLevel 2-1: Alley wayThis will be dark and wet. Lots of rats.Level 2-2: SubwayThis will be your first encounter with youths and their dogs.Level 2-3: Bus shelterProjectile throwing youths. Fresh from the off-license, they will have various beverage to throw at you.Level 3-1: Rooftop coupEverything looks better when you are high. Everything except a brick in the face. Fancy doves and other sun seeking pets.Level 3-2: The rat dishInitially, this will be lots of rats on a roof, but with enough funding the satellite dishes will be interactive. Knock out a dish whilst the football is on and you will have to contend with a beer drinking nutter.Level 3-3: Weed farmTake great satisfaction in pelting hippies with stones and with the right funding, turn aggressive when you destroy their crops....man.Level 4-1: Bat enclosureThe first of many proposed zoo enclosures. This will be dark and hectic. With the right amount of funding we will run a poll on what endangered and exotic species Dean should wipe out.Level 4-2: Meerkat enclosureBasically wack-a-mole, but with enough funding we will get some zoo guests on the other side of the enclosure too.Level 4-3: The hot houseTons of butterflies and other exotic beetles and frogs. This will be a visual treat as the colours dance around the screen...or die.Proposed enemies for initial funding goalDove - Magpie - Crow - Bat - Butterfly - Spider - Owl - Cat - Hippy - Rat - Meerkat - Hoody wearing youth Nature Hater is going to be a great fun game, it is cheeky in the right way, but carries an important subtext about the importance of positive thinking and how destructive a force, blame can be. By successfully funding this kickstarter, this team of passionate creators, have the chance to do something daring, something challenging. We shall forge a games development company which seeks to do more than the typical ‘rinse and repeat’ game design, currently plaguing the app store. Pledge Rewards: Pictures continually updating! You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Stretch goals Our first major additional milestone will be to get the product on to iOS so that the good apple-owning folks can play our game too. We currently do not have the hardware to tackle this relatively simple task.Within this milestone we would also implement boss code and art for each of the zones.We would also set up an on-line scoreboard so you can compete with friends.And finally, to implement an art driven attack system for enemies. Currently it is using the dynamics system which is limited, especially if you want to defy physics. At this price point we will implement some of our more complex level designs which have moving cameras.We would also include area weapons such as grenades and petrol bombs to broaden gameplay experiences further. God. He is going to take some time to implement. He will be a complex custom character with various interactions. We also have an interesting end video sequence for completing the game which hints towards our animated sit-com about God. We will add another 10 levels and 10 enemies. We would also produce Dean specific weapon art, whereas currently, he always looks like he is holding an egg. Implement the in-game power-ups such as magic mushrooms. At this price point we would seek to make the game more profitable. Anyone who backs the game gets them for free, but late adopters would have the option to upgrade their game via the in-app store. Implement additional game modes and bonus levels. Implement interactive scene elements such as level specific traps. The satellite triggers and weed farms are great examples of this.Beyond this we are looking at expanding the size and scope of the game experience. More levels, more enemies, more art styles, fantasy creatures. Thinking beyond that, we would like to mass produce some cool Nature Hater toys and get our animated sit-com off the ground. All of which our Nature Hater backers would get a front row seat with an exclusive privileges. Drawing Dean - a how toAlthough we have included a pledge reward that supplies you with your very own Dean original, some of you might not be able to afford that price point, so here we have included a simple 'How-to' video so you can create your own (for personal use only of course).It also offers a little insight to budding artists, about the nature of what it is like to work in the industry.SIMPLY CLICK THIS TEXT TO BE WHISKED TO YOUTUBE Risks and challenges Mobile device: .NET compatibility issues with android devices. certain aspects of .NET 2.0 are not compatible with mono on android. these issues will require time to debug and, where necessary, code to be rewritten to be properly compatible with the mono framework. Different android devices run slightly different hardware may have effects on the performance of the game and positioning of art assets and game objects on screen, as such, the final game will need to be tested on a variety of different devices, simulated or otherwise. IPhone: There are potential problems in porting the game to iPhone and idevices in that the new platform may mandate code and art changes (i.e. we may need to rework the position of art assets to make better use of the screen space). Time : Unforeseen problems (such as hard-to-fix software bugs and hardware specific problems) may affect the overall development time of the final product. The development team are experienced in the production pipeline of game development, so have the confidence and professional creativity to solve what ever problems are encountered during production. We will strive to keep our investors fully appraised on any hiccups along the way and will pride ourselves on complete transparency. Anything short of an act-of-God, and we should be OK... Learn about accountability on Kickstarter