In the spirit of leveraging the power of mobile-based applications, Fit2U APP aims to bring the workout to you, your place, when it works for you. Whether you are a busy professional having a hard time scheduling workout sessions, or maybe a busy parent who needs to get in a workout while the kids are napping. Or maybe you never have made working out part of your life, but want to start and prefer to take private sessions. Whatever the situation we make it easy, our team of fitness and dance experts, come to you- right at the push of a button. Imagine being able to book a fitness appointment with a terrific instructor early in the morning before or after work. Perhaps, you and friends are going out dancing and you need to brush up on some fitness or dance moves with a class lesson beforehand. Maybe you want to stay at home with your partner and take an intro to Salsa dance class in the privacy of your space. Why miss your normal workout during business travel? Take a private session and select from a variety of dance and fitness lesson choices. Instructor pros come to you. Dance or fitness sessions can be just for you or a small group. Fit2U instructors are insured,CPR certified, screened and we choose the best instructors.Meet Fit2U's Creative Contributors The Fit2U team is working to launch a mobile application to bring popular fitness programs and unique dance classes to individuals. This innovative app caters to the non-gym going individual or those that are so busy and can’t make it to a structured fitness or dance class but, still want the workout. It allows people to exercise in the convenience of their home or other preferred environment.Bringing the workout to you also allows you to work out in your environment and removes the intimidation. With increasing time crunches on our time, this app provides flexibility for you to stay healthy and fit on your terms.Costs Itemization for Phase 1: Our experienced development team is ready to go!THANKS FOR SUPPORTING THE FIT2U APP. Risks and challenges Safety concerns: We are developing a user model that is safe and trustworthy to both user and service provider. We are currently working with a company who provides complete safety background checks to help us develop safety measures such as screening of Fit2U instructors and ID-validation of user profiles. Models used by other industries (such as online dating services) are providing more opportunities and information for us that help overcome safety concerns. Supply matching demand: In our ramp up toward launch and implementation, we have been steadily recruiting instructors. Fit2U is fortunate to be able to leverage the instructor pool from sister company, Workouttemps to help supply enough qualified instructors to satisfy incoming requests. Our Team Leaders proactively are recruiting nationally and we attend several fitness industry conventions, such as the Idea Fitness Show to keep up to date with fitness trends and increase supply chains. Fit2U is a member of some of the largest associations for fitness instructors,allowing us access to scout new talent. Future Expansion Plans: Fit2U will launch in California and expand throughout the Westcoast, and then aim to expand on the EastCoast, following with the Midwest and South. Once Fit2U has a stable national presence, we will explore International opportunities. Fit2u will expand carefully and strategically always making sure we have sufficient supply for demand. Our service must be on point. At Fit2U, we love what we do and our leaders are industry professionals. Health and wellness opportunities continue to grow exponentially and with the introduction of Fit2U App, we actively further opportunities. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter