Elegant Design: Simple, yet Stylish PLAYBULB rainbow is simple, yet stylish. PLAYBULB rainbow body shape is a trapezoid which is much slimmer. This design is to illustrate the refraction of sunlight ray entering a raindrop and eventually forming a rainbow. PLAYBULB rainbow is as colorful as a real rainbow and as cheerful as the sky after rain. One App, All Control When we plan and design PLAYBULB, we didn’t plan just one product. We planned a whole family of PLAYBULBs so as to give lighting a new definition: smart & fun. After PLAYBULB candle & PLAYBULB color, PLAYBULB rainbow is here at Kickstarter too. When you back PLAYBULB, you are not backing a single product. You are backing whole series of PLAYBULB. You are helping us to make our vision come true. Adding Atmosphere & Creating Moods Install it just like a regular light bulb The light filter of PLAYBULB rainbow is made of a PC layer, allowing a brighter and more colorful penetration of light beams from the LED chip. PLAYBULB rainbow brings you a special experience of LED color lighting. Also, PLAYBULB rainbow fits into standard E26/ E27 screw base. Simply screw PLAYBULB rainbow into light fixture as a normal light bulb. Then, a colorful rainbow is installed. PLAYBULB rainbow also fits into E40, E14 and B22 screw sockets. By using adapter, Edison Screw base can be converted into Bayonet base too. PLAYBULB rainbow is for all of us. With High Compatibility comes Strong Possibility Followed by PLAYBULB candle and PLAYBULB color, here we come PLAYBULB rainbow. Today, PLAYBULB rainbow is here to tell you that light bulb can be STYLISH, SMART and MONEY SAVING. PLAYBULB rainbow is controlled by PLAYBULB X App which supports all iOS devices that are running iOS version 7 or above, Android devices running Android 4.3 or above and both having Bluetooth® 4.0 or above.LED is not something new but PLAYBULB rainbow isThe technology of LED has been introduced for over 30 years already. However, its popularity is not as high as expected due to its pricing. Nowadays, more have secured with the skills of LED development and the use of LEDs are getting more diverse which result in a reduction of production cost. At the same time, more functions and applications of LED light bulbs have been introduced. The Age of LED has arrived. Energy Saving = Money Saving PLAYBULB rainbow equals to 30 regular light bulbs because each PLAYBULB rainbow is optimized to a high energy efficiency. Each PLAYBULB rainbow is 5 watts at full power performing brightness with 280 lumens and 30,000 hours life time. While regular light bulb with around 300 lumen normally uses up 40 watts power with around 1,000 hours lifetime, PLAYBULB rainbow is a BIG SAVE! Saving energy for our world at the same time saving more money for your electricity bill. A rainbow you can PLAY! PLAYBULB rainbow is a smart color LED Light Bulb. The era of On/ Off switch is gone. PLAYBULB X App is the App that we have developed to maximise the fun of PLAYBULB rainbow. Color Change and Brightness Control Set no limitation to your rainbow. Customise your rainbow via PLAYBULB X App. Choose your color from the color wheel. Tap your rainbow now. Bright white light for working desk, soft yellow light for cooking and dimmer light for bed time reading. Simply adjust the brightness of PLAYBULB rainbow via PLAYBULB X App. PLAYBULB rainbow is always your best accompany. 4 x Lighting Effect Besides a colorful Rainbow Effect, do you know you can also have a Rainbow Fading, Flashing and Pulsing? Set the lighting effect for your PLAYBULB rainbow. Enjoy more fun with this Smart LED Color Light Bulb. Group Control Rather than controlling a single PLAYBULB rainbow, PLAYBULB X App also enables grouping function. You can group multiple PLAYBULB rainbows together and set the same command to them. Multiply the power of rainbow with group control function. PLAYBULB X App is a crossed-deviced App. You can also group other PLAYBULB products by the group function to enjoy more PLAYBULB fun! Shake Mode PLAYBULB X App is smart. With the shake mode, you can shake your device to get a random color for your PLAYBULB rainbow. Timer Mode Timer mode is definitely a neccesity for nowadays smart home setting. Set the timer for PLAYBULB rainbow to be turned on, come back home with a welcoming colorful rainbow. The best welcome home experience ever. PLAYBULB X App PLAYBULB X App is free. You can download it from Apple App Store and Google Play. Specification Backers' Rewards Timeline OTA Update With OTA (Over The Air) Update feature, your PLAYBULB rainbow can be updated to follow our PLAYBULB X app features enhancements. We will keep developing interesting lighting function and special lighting effects. Once new features are released, you will be able to update your PLAYBULB rainbow to enable these features.Bluetooth MESH & Security is under development You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 From our previous PLAYBULB Kickstarter projects' supporters, we understand that the more the better. It shows a great demand of group control of multiple lighting devices at once including both single product and crossed-products. As a result, we are aiming at a more professional wireless mesh technology for a whole new LED color light world with greater communication range and more stable control. Due to Bluetooth bandwidth limitation, currently, our PLAYBULB X group control only allows FIVE PLAYBULBs in a same group. Bluetooth MESH breaks this limitation. With Bluetooth MESH, the number of PLAYBULBs in group is by theory unlimited. With MESH, you will be able to control the lighting of an apartment, a house, an entire floor or even a whole building. When we will ship you the rewards, MESH won't be ready yet. But you will be able to upgraded your PLAYBULB rainbow to MESH-compatible with our OTA Update feature.About MIPOWMIPOW, an authorized manufacturing licensee of Apple Inc., is a global leader in premium mobile device accessories. We bring together a unique blend of industrial and electronic design, precision engineering and high quality manufacturing to create products with wide appeal to today's mobile generation. Our main products are Smart Power (backup batteries, chargers), Smart Audio (headsets and speakers using Bluetooth® wireless technology) and Smart Lighting (Lighting product with mobile app control).Our functional and fashionable designs have won broad market acceptance as well as many prestigious awards including: European Red-Dot Design Awards, International Forum iF Design Awards, GOOD DESIGN Awards and Macworld Asia The Best Awards. MIPOW takes pride in its innovation and holds 48 patents with more to come. These and many other accomplishments have positioned MIPOW amongst the leaders in product excellence.MIPOW website: http://www.mipow.com Risks and challenges Backing at PLAYBULB rainbow, you are not just backing a single product or a single project. You are backing a whole product series. You are helping us to refine home lighting. We’ve been trying to build PLAYBULB X free to control all the PLAYBULB products that are with color feature, namely PLAYBULB candle, PLAYBULB color, now PLAYBULB rainbow, and next to come PLAYBULB garden, PLAYBULB string-light, PLAYBULB aroma and more. We call it "One App. All Control". With PLAYBULB X, users will be able to control full range of PLAYBULB products that are with color feature. This is an aggressive move as each product is different in functions and features. We would say up to now it's only half way done comparing to the full picture in our planning. And our old backers from previous projects have contributed their valuable feedbacks and opinions. We are listening and we are making it happen. PLAYBULB rainbow hardware part is quite finished, the challenge we are facing is to accurately estimate the required materials purchase for the first batch of mass production. Inventing an good product is hard. Bringing a good product to the world is extremely hard. We don't want to live in our own world inventing products and hoping users will finally like it. We want to start conversation with potential users before we actually produce goods. Kickstarter is a perfect platform for us testing the market. We like to know how tech-lovers think about our new products. We need to hear your opinions so that we can keep enhancing our hardware and software. We also need your help to spread out the message if you believe in our vision. With the fund we raise on KICKSTARTER, we will make materials purchase planning accordingly. Besides, we will use it as marketing fund to make PLAYBULB series a market success. We will make it as R&D budget to keep enhancing our hardware and especially our free software PLAYBULB X. Our PLAYBULB X 2.0 is under planning. There is a long road ahead. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter