Hello All!Our genius idea came to us one evening, see a very dear friend of mine, aka, " the bear". He eats a lot. One evening we were having a get together at my place and he stopped by for food. my wife looked at me and said, " hes going to eat us out of house and home". Steve said " lets see if other people would be willing to feed him". At this moment feed the bear was born. Were here asking for your help in bringing this dream into reality. The website has been purchased and is currently under construction. as the funds are raised we will begin moving forward with the project. The outline. The project here will be a video based website in which people with basically buy a certain item off of the menu and watch him eat it. We are currently working on a script and a menu. These things will be added in shortly as they get completed. There will be comedy as well as cooking and a whole lot of eating! Essentially a person will log onto the website, remain anonymous or create and account, from there they can purchase food to create a new episode! Breakdown. How it will work.Go to the website. Click on login. You will be able to remain a guest or use your own personalized account. We will offer up menu items based on the day of the week, " The Bear" has chosen meal plans based on the days, and we will work into a larger plan once this is rolling. You will be able to click on a food item such as a turkey sandwich and the item will cost x.xx dollars. You will be able to pay that dollar amount and be logged into a live feed of him eating the prepaid for food. Our goal is to keep him fed and make him bigger. So through the camera you will be able to see him sitting at a table with a giant digital scale, with what ever food you purchased for him to eat. It is kind of like feeding a zoo animal, with the added bonus of being able to visit as often as you like from the comfort of your home. We will offer in the beginning the live feedings, on air sound which will allow you to hear the conversation during your allotted times, as well as being able to see your food being prepared. And the ability to comunicate with him if you like. The ultimate goal is to get him to the top of the bear scale. And with a little help i believe we can get him there. What we need. So to start we have purchased the domain and have begun working on the site itself. The server space we will need has been purchased already as well, along with a programmer that is working with us on this project. We did purchase a lower end camera to begin the videos asap. What we need from you will be the software to handle the video and profile features on the site, and a beginning stockpile of food to fill the beginning week(s) of feeding him. Risks and challenges There will be a lot of challenges that come along with this endeavor, We obviously are concerned about his health. So exercise will be a big challenge as well as healthy eating. We definitely don't want people taking this to far either so the biggest challenge will be keeping this pg. There will be alot of interactions and things on our end that will be live. We want this to be a good experience for everyone involved. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter