This project is start a vlog from a voyage around the world from the point of view of someone who has never left North America (or for that matter, really, the United States). It would be akin to the shows on the Travel Channel/Food Network where I travel the world and immerse myself in the culture and food and like Bert Kreischer, I will also engage my adventurous side by partaking of various excursions. My hope is to have either/both of the aforementioned networks link this adventure to their websites.This trip would be a 113 day trip starting on January 4th, 2014 from Fort Lauderdale and stopping at 37 different locations. I will document the trip every step of the way through 5 thirty minute vlogs from areas of the world: Africa, Asia, Australia, Caribbean and US. Viewers will have a unique chance to choose everything I do along the way. No matter what they choose, I will do it. For example, for my trip to Phuket, you can decide whether I learn how to cook Thai food, visit Phi Phi island or take a safari on an elephant. If they prefer a investigate religions and temples in area I can do that as well. I look forward to sharing multiple cultures and their ethnic foods. I also love photography so there will be many opportunities to witness nature up close! Followers of my vlog will also get a first hand account of guest speaker Desmond Tutu, who will be on board during the South African Leg. The majority of the money used to fund the project is going to be for travel. I will be using a portion of the funds for when the viewers would like to experience any thing specific. Also, since I will be out of country, I will have to use international data rates while posting, since this will be done throughout themonths. Apologies for not video. I have no home internet so everything is done via phone. Risks and challenges Although there may be legs of the journey where the WiFi on ship will be down, I will make sure to upload as soon as it's available again. My computer has limited storage capacity, but there should be little issue there. With the voting on the excursions, especially on the funders, there may come a time when due to delays in the ship getting to port of call or overbooking, I may not be able to attend. I will give you a follow up potential at that time. I do have a fear of heights, but regardless, if anything requested involves them, I won't back down. Similarly, I don't eat red meat or poultry, but if something requires me to partake of them, I will. The biggest issue I foresee if there are any places that don't allow pictures. Although I may not take photos there, I will ensure that I post well enough to counteract that. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter