The Fish Call™ turns Fishing into CATCHING! It floats and attracts fish with sounds and vibrations16 year old inventor Jack Danos and his father have invented, patented (pending), and developed a high-tech fishing device that makes fishing more fun. The Fish Call™ is an electronic fish attracting device that turns fishing trips into catching trips! Featured on WGNO News with a Twist: You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 To read the full article, click here GET IN NOW FOR AIR-FREIGHT SHIPPING! Stretch Goal: $100K - Air Freight Shipping!Everyone that contributes to get us to $100K will have their Fish Call A MONTH EARLIER!!! How will we do it? We'll ship our initial order of ~1,000 units from overseas via Air Freight! This will cost us considerably more money versus shipping them on a slow boat, but we want to get them in your hands ASAP!Please share, forward, tweet, or just tell someone about our project and help us get to $100K so you can get your Fish Call sooner!!!How to Use:It's super easy to use: Just turn it on and deploy it by either throwing or placing it into the water. You can use the included anchor to keep it in place or remove it to let it drift. It broadcasts out sounds and vibrations that mimic the sounds of schooling and feeding fish. The fish can't help but head towards it in search of their next meal! It's about the size of a mini football and weighs less than a pound, making it easy to toss into the water, and compact enough for super-convenient storage.The Fish Call in Action: Rewards: What makes it work?It uses our patent-pending TactiBite™ sound and vibration technology to motivate nearby fish to school and bite more aggressively. We use cutting-edge hydrophone and computer technology to record and simulate the sounds and vibrations of a school of feeding fish. Those sounds and vibrations are then broadcasted out from the device into the surrounding water. We have done most of our testing in coastal saltwater and freshwater ponds. We've caught Red Fish, Speckled Trout, Black Drum, Flounder, SheepsHead, Black Tip Shark, Blue Fish, Channel Mullet, Bass, Catfish, Bowfin and Blue Gill. All were caught within a few feet of The Fish Call!About Us What do you get when you combine a 16 year old coder/web developer/engineer/designer and a 47 year old entrepreneur? A father-son dream team that can do just about anything. We're not professional fishermen -- we're the guys who used to go out and sometimes come back empty handed. We're always looking for better ways to do things, and that's how we came up with The Fish Call. It's truly changed the way we fish.Press: Risks and challenges We have been working day and night on The Fish Call™ for the last 10 months. We've gone through countless iterations, and spent many hours researching and testing (and fishing) to get it to the point that it is now. We currently have the ability to produce fully-functional 3D printed prototypes. We considered actually selling our 3D printed units, but decided against it because the production times are way too long and costly. We've hired a major manufacturing company and are waiting for the finalized custom circuit boards to be delivered and for the tooling (for injection molding) to be completed. We know that this product works and we think that the world will love it. We need feedback and help from the KickStarter community to both validate the product and let us know how you think we can improve it. Your pledge will make you a permanent founding member of "Team Fish Call™" and will let us know that the fishing world wants and needs our product. THANKS for your help. We know that The Fish Call will help you have more CATCHING trips! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter