Help us to take 'A+E' to EdinburghHello! We're Hounded Theatre. We're an emerging company formed at East 15 Drama School in our graduating year. We're clean, friendly and full of ambition. We've got a really great show that really needs your help:A+EWritten by Lottie FinklaireThree people wait in A&E for answers. Time ticking. Two people meet on a wasteland, one will fall in love, one will just fall. Or jump.Inspired by a true story from the suburbs of London A+E is a show about friendship, love and loss and how really everyone just want's to run away from something. Hounded wants to take A+E to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival this year. A+E has already gained some recognition from a company called China Plate and The Pleasance Theatre. We will be performing at Pulse Festival this year and we have secured a slot at The Pleasance in Edinburgh!What do we need? Although much of the bigger worries (venue) is partially covered, Hounded still need as much help as they can get to make sure the show reaches Edinburgh and does as well as it can do. Therefore we need to cover:£200 for a van to take our set there and back £500 for the full coverage of our venue deposit £200 for the printing of flyers/posters/general admin£600 for technical supportSo if you can spare us anything at all, even 1p, please do! We promise you won't regret it! Thank youHoundedA+E - 12.15 pm Bunker Two, The Pleasance, Edinburgh. 5th August - 31st August.Click here for the Showreel of A+E:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crtBUj2N_Wo Risks and challenges Potential Risks: Glitter in, on and around everything. A+E uses a LOT of glitter. BUT we're prepared and armed with hoovers and lint rollers! Loosing our beloved Sofa. Adapting to the fringe space was always going to be tricky, but we're still in the process of finding a way around our huge multi-functional leather sofa. However we have our wonderful designer Sara Hjördís Blöndal on board who is full of bright ideas. So far we're talking about a multi-functional arm chair... Hounded are also in the process of devising a second show for Edinburgh called 'Leftovers'. It has already won second place in the Scottish Daily Mail Award. Watch this space! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter