Arm-madillo is the smartest choice vs traditional mouse and keyboard wrist rest pads: The Arm-madillo device is patent pending, and the Arm-madillo image is pending trademark registration.Hello Kickstarter community!For over a year, I have been working on and testing 3d printed prototypes to develop the final design, which is what you see now. The Arm-madillo was born to meet a need I had, and I have learned others could also benefit from this wonderful invention. Up until now, I have invested everything I had to get to the point where initial production can be possible. I am here to ask for your help to get me to the finish line!This campaign is to help me: raise initial funding to launch a new startup business; create tooling for manufacturing; produce low rate initial product runs; expand research and development; and gain valuable feedback from the community The shipping costs cover actual shipping, packaging materials, and the custom shipping container. Multiple rewards will be consolidated and only one shipping charge will occur. All rewards will be marked as a Gift on customs forms.Arm-madillo is suitable for ages 10+. The wrist strap accommodates very small (12CM / 4.7”) to very large wrist sizes (24CM / 9.4”), and can be trimmed to meet your needs. The total weight of Arm-madillo is ~ 10 grams / .35 oz. The Arm-madillo base will be made out of Zytel ST-801 for strength and flexibility, the base padding will be made out of soft silicone (Shore 30A), and the wrist strap will be made by Velcro® in ~ 30.5CM / 12” lengths. For this campaign, the base and padding will be made at Proto Labs, Inc (United States), and the wrist strap will be made by Velcro® (United States). Long term computer use is a leading cause of repetitive strain injury.Arm-madillo is designed to address mouse and keyboard repetitive strain injury and pressure on the carpal tunnel by elevating and supporting the wrist. Unlike keyboard and mouse rest pads, Arm-madillo is low profile, light-weight, portable, and is designed for active use. The low profile ensures that arm and hand weight are no longer concentrated in a small area; your hand will touch the surface just enough to allow tactile control; can be used on laptops and tablet keyboards; and, your hand/wrist are positioned in a more ergonomic fashion. Light-weight and portability ensures you can wear the Arm-madillo for several hours without noticing the weight, and you can take this with you wherever you go.For additional pictures and video, please visit the Prototype gallery.The Arm-madillo consists of three parts: base, padding, and wrist strap. All pictures and videos you see in this campaign are actual 3d printed representatives of the final design. The color for all parts in this campaign will be black. Arm-madillo - Front Arm-madillo - Front In the 'Arm-madillo - Front' picture, you can see the padding tongues and downward front angles (padding will be made out of soft silicone). The tongues stabilize, support, and cushion the wrist. Front padding angles are designed to maximize wrist to device comfort and accommodate the palm. Arm-madillo - Back Arm-madillo - Back In the 'Arm-madillo - Back' picture, you can see the wrist strap housing (called wings). These wings are designed to comfortably cradle the wrist and arm, keep the wrist strap in place, and to keep the padding in alignment. Arm-madillo - Bottom Arm-madillo - Bottom In the 'Arm-madillo - Bottom' picture, you can see the base pivot bar, wrist strap through holes, and wing strengthening fillet's. The pivot bar enables the Arm-madillo to easily glide across surface edges (see glide video), and allows the base to meet the curvature of your wrist (by flexing). The wrist strap through holes are an injection molding requirement for the wrist strap housing design. The wing fillet's are designed to strengthen the wings for longevity.Here are Arm-madillo demonstrations: I would like to say THANK YOU to JACS Engineering and Proto Labs, Inc. for working with me to create and be able to offer the Arm-madillo to the world! Thank you, Kickstarter community, for your help and support!!! Risks and challenges 1. If this project is not fully funded, this project may be canceled and no rewards will be created and shipped. 2. To mitigate possible shipping reward delays, the following will occur: reward groups will have backer limits and be shipped over three months; to mitigate Kickstarter’s 14 business days until financing is provided, account for the holiday season and initial manufacturing time, bank pre-financing (contingent on a successful campaign) will be used to ensure rewards are shipped as promised; additionally, extra people will be hired as needed to provide quality assurance, shipping and handling, and reward management. 3. To prevent engineering delays in initial manufacturing, all Arm-madillo designs have been pre-cleared for injection molding, and all materials needed are in supply. Protolabs is a renowned prototype and low rate initial production manufacturing company that meets deadlines. Their manufacturing timelines have been incorporated into the overall project timelines for successful reward delivery. I negotiated the ability to directly pick up all manufactured rewards directly from Protolabs, so that we can ship directly from the manufacturing location to your address, thus saving time and reducing costs. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter