A revolutionary and finally smart charging device? It's about time.Tired of your mobile phone being plugged in at impractical places when charged? Feels like the cable prevents you from using your mobile properly? Ever had someone tripping over it? Well, forget about those worries, the new WAIQI - Home Wireless Charging Station solves all those problems - with style. (Supporting the qi-standard for wireless charging // iPhone package for wireless charging now available as well - scroll down for more information). But that's not all! We live in times where we get distracted fairly often by our mobile devices. A good deal of this distraction is caused by the many small moves, adjustments and changes we are forced to do in our phone's settings. So what about a device that takes care of those things? What about a device that cares about all these endless routines and gives you back that quality time we all lost in the smartphone era?This device is now here: the WAIQI-Home. And with your support we can bring charging to a whole new level. Together we can enable Smart Charging. ___ ___T H E P R O D U C T T H E H A R D W A R E The "Home" is manufactured in Innsbruck, Austria, and available in four different precious woods. We found a way to integrate woodwork and technology, resulting in a design that perfectly fits into your personal life. T H E S O F T W A R E Putting your Android-phone on the device enables the WAIQI-App, after you have downloaded it once. Personalize the tasks you want to get done and never worry about them again. In the office, the workshop or the bedroom, wherever it suits best for you. All pre-assigned functions will be carried out automatically. Setting your alarm clock? Activating bluetooth? Listening to audio-books? The first version of the WAIQI-App gets all this, among many other things, done for you. Where we are now is just the beginning, the list of potential features is endless. With your support we can create a powerful tool to make your life more comfortable! The App is built as a framework, that means the integration of third party Applications and the internet of things are just one pledge away! R E W A R D S | What’s in it for you! T H E W A I Q I - S H E L L - I P H O N E C O V E RWant to charge your iPhone wirelessly on a WAIQI - Home? Now you can!Introducing the new WAIQI - Shell iPhone cover for the IPhone 5/5s/6/6+. It’s the first really sleek and elegant iPhone cover that enables wireless charging. In a wooden finish of course.And the best thing of all: If you have to charge it traditionally with a cable, you don’t have to detach the cover. Simply unplug the adapter and keep your phone in place. Convenient right? We’ve made some cool new bundles for you at early-bird pricing ! Check them out !Note: Please keep in mind that with this cover you can charge your iPhone wirelessly. The App does for now not work for the iPhone.T H E W A I Q I - F I It's very important to us that we use our precious raw material in the most efficient way possible. This is why we use the left-overs to build the WAIQI - Fi's - a NFC-tag in a beautiful wooden shell.What is it for? Well, that's fairly straight forward. On a NFC-tag you can store all kinds of information with your mobile phone (NFC chip in your phone required - may demand a third party App for storing), like your home's wifi access data.This way, when your friends come over you do not have to tell them this complicated combination of numbers and letters for them to get access to your WiFi. Simply tell them to hold their NFC-enabled phone next to the WAIQI - Fi - and that's it. Simple right? Have a look at the FAQ's for a more detailed information.Get Yours at a Kickstarter - special price or in a bundle with your WAIQI - Home.___T E C H S P E C S ___ T I M E T A B L E B E H I N D T H E S C E N E S For more information about us and our work - visit our Facebook Page.___ Risks and challenges Being a handcrafted product, challenges can always arise during the actual production of the WAIQI - Home, due to unexpected events. We work hard on minimizing risks and to integrate a secure production process, though certain residual risks remain. The same goes for our suppliers. We've searched quite a long time to find partners we trust, but again we cannot guarantee to a 100 percent for an in-time delivery of their parts. A risk we want to address as well is a Software-related one. We are very aware of this fast-moving market and the time and money it needs to serve you with a stable, well-functioning App. Nevertheless, we are a small fish in the pot, which means from a technological aspect we may be overrun by bigger players with larger pockets. We are not planning to let this happen though and therefore we will do everything to make your WAIQI experience as good as possible! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter