Brought to you by OphthalmicDocsFeatured on PRODUCTION PLANWe aim to have our product manufactured in the month of December right after the campaign. Delivery of product will start in Mid-January. Kiwi supporters will expect to receive the device by end of January 2015. International shipment will only commence early February 2015. STRETCH GOALS We need your support to make this a success. If you help us achieve our stretch goals we would then be able to bring more colour choices for you. Opening up a new colour is expensive, we need to make sure we have the minimum quantity to make it affordable.$7000 - If we could raise above $7000, we would create a small protective case for every MAGcro Help us bring these colours to you! MORE EXAMPLES Sesame seeds on your bread! Pollen of a flower A close up of a wedding ring History of Product DevelopmentOphthalmicDocs are a special collaboration between two trained doctors who are very particular about both detail and providing the best level of care for their patients. This initiated the idea to create their own macro lens and bought the invention of the EyeChamp to life, which was the very first macro lens that was created with the aim of using if for capturing medical conditions, aiming to aid in both diagnosis and management. After a successful launch on Kickstarter in September 2014, it became obvious that our macro lens was being used not just by doctors but also the wider community using it for recreational macro photography. Since then, OphthalmicDocs received a lot of feedback and requests to develop a macro lens that fitted all smartphones and tablets even with their protective casing on. We searched the current market and there were some interesting lenses that we found, one designed with a rubber band and another designed as a silicone plastic lens. While they were all good products we knew we had the special advantage with our extensive training in optics and ophthalmology and we aimed to create something that was more robust, would last longer and a lens that wouldn't be prone to various aberrations that can affect image quality. This is when the idea, the design and the need for the MAGcro was born. OphthalmicDocs can now offer the MAGcro to be available to the public and it starts with your support within a crowdfunding project through KickStarter.At first glance you may not think there is anything new to our MAGcro lens. The magnetic holder used in the MAGcro is not new. You may have seen a number of similar 'looking' products on the market, so what makes us different? It is the knowledge we gain from our experience and knowledge of optics and medicine that gives us a superior lens design and understanding of image quality.At OphthalmicDocs we started off with using ophthalmic lenses easily available in our ophthalmology department. We soon moved on to other smaller powerful lenses. Through trial and error we soon realised that small lenses with the following dimensions worked best : 8 - 10mm diameter with a focal length of 10-15mm. VISIT OPHTHALMICDOCS.COM FOR MORE INFOLEARN HOW WE CAME ABOUT USING THE RIGHT LENS You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 WHAT OTHERS SAYWe gave a MAGcro lens to everyday people and took a video of their live reaction, its obvious to see they were amazed and loved the MAGcro. See their reaction for yourself! FEATURED ON "THE BRIAN CRAIG SHOW"Click the audio link below! We are featured on The Brian Craig show! WHAT DOES ASPHERIC MEAN?Watch the short video below to understand the difference between aspheric and conventional spherical lenses. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 FAQ1. What is an aspheric lens?Conventional spherical lenses are prone to spherical aberration, light is refracted more at the periphery of the lens compared to the centre of the lens. Aspheric lenses have complex curved surface, it offers excellent aberration correction thus provides superior image resolution. Watch our video above.2. How does the micro suction base works?Our micro suction base sticks onto almost any surface that is smooth and dry. It works like normal suction cups, instead of having just one or two, it comes as thousand tiny variable sized micro cups. 3. How do I know if it suits my phone?We have tried it on various devices including all the iPhone, Samsung galaxy range products (S3,S4,S5, Samsung Galaxy tab 4 /Pro / S), HTC One, iPad etc. The way to tell is as long as you have a smartphone that comes with a smooth and dry surface, it would hold on. Or if your phone has a metal case, the magnetic base will work too.4. How long will the micro suction base last?According to the manufacturer, they last well over a year.5. Can I clean the micro suction base?Yes, we would recommend cleaning it with micro wipes that we provide. 6. How do I clean the lens?Clean the lens with the micro fibre cloth that we provide. Risks and challenges We have previously launched a successful kickstarter campaign. We know how fulfilment service works and we think proper fulfilment is the most important part of our product development. We are planning to work with shipwire and whiplash to handle the fulfilment and logistics. We initially intended to use this device for medical imaging but MAGcro has not got FDA approval. Going through the hurdles to get it FDA approved is something on the horizon, but we first want to release it to the public to use in their everyday lives! Currently it is not recommended for medical purposes. As we are manufacturing the product during the festive season (Christmas & New Years) this may potentially delay the production. We have previously launched this project on Indiegogo but we decided to take it down after 3 days because we thought we would love to improve our product (to add on the micro suction base on all our MAGcro lenses) and to use New Zealand dollar (NZD) as our prime currency to attract more kiwi backers. Indiegogo does not allow us to cancel the project because it is already live and has live contributions, therefore we refunded all contributions on indiegogo and chose to focus our project on Kickstarter. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter