BUSINESS OVERVIEW (A summary of the aspects listed below)CollegeMeans is a website that is essentially providing a market for college students to buy and sell their own personal goods safely at their own convenience through classified ad listings. To access the site, users are required to login with a .edu address otherwise they will be denied entrance. Upon entering the site, users can search by state and school to buy what they need and sell what they want. Currently we have a beta registration page www.collegemeans.com and our final product of the website should be done by the end of next week and be put on our domain. Please take note that the development and functionalities of the site are not complete; however, we are expecting a finished product over the next two weeks.PRODUCT/SERVICE DESCRIPTION (What does your company do or intend to do?)CollegeMeans is a safe exchange network for only college students to buy and sell products at the convenience of their location. Whether college students are trying to get money back for last semesters textbooks, looking for some extra cash out of unused goods in their dorm room, or trying to save money while furnishing their apartment for the first time, we want to make sure they are doing so through the safest and most efficient means possible.CollegeMeans is only available to those with an approved .edu email address for the safety of the college students. The safety of using an approved college student’s .edu address will give students a sense of security by knowing they are only dealing with people of the same interest. At the end of the day, what college student would surpass a platform that is limited to a market of their peers who are the most likely to have what they need, while holding the same values of security? MARKET OPPORTUNITY (What problem, pain and/or opportunity does your business specifically solve?)CollegeMeans solves current safety problems when it comes to classified ad listings. The majority of classified ad listings are open to the whole public and unfortunately; we do not live in a perfect world where we can trust everyone who lives in it. When meeting with a buyer or seller, all you know about them is their username or encrypted email address. Given this information, the users are expected to arrange a face-to-face meeting, which carries many risks. Amongst the people who are at the most risk are young men and women due to naivety and vulnerability. On other classified websites there have been multiple criminal accounts ranging from theft to murder. By exclusively hosting college students only, we believe that we are controlling the environment enough to significantly decrease the risk of criminal activity. As a result, college students will be significantly more comfortable using CollegeMeans opposed to other classified sites. Colleges & Universities provide CollegeMeans with an endless market. Each year more students are entering and graduating from college than the previous year. Simultaneously, college is getting more and more expensive every year. According to CollegeBoard, from 2008-09 to 2013-14, percentage increases in public four-year in-state tuition and fees ranged from 5% in Missouri ($417 in 2013 dollars) and 8% in Maryland ($625) to 65% in Georgia ($3,094) and 70% in Arizona ($4,135). Even after a 65% increase in tuition, Georgia’s $7,823 average tuition still remains below the national average of $8,893. By providing CollegeMeans we hope to provide a means for college student to save money as they look to buy their new college necessities and sell unwanted consumer goods when they need extra cash. MARKET OVERVIEW (Describe the relevant industry or market, and landscape, you are in or intend to enter. Include market size.) Although, there are other platforms out there to buy and sell used goods, there is not another company out there that exclusively targets the college market. We have taken the first initial steps to creating the platform for this market. In the next two weeks we will be in full operation and competing in the market. There are 2,774 four-year college and universities in the US and 1,721 two-year colleges according to National Center For Education Statistics. This leaves us a market size of 4,495 colleges and universities in the US work with. The National Center For Education Statistics said “In fall 2013, a record 21.8 million students are expected to attend American colleges and universities, constituting an increase of about 6.5 million since fall 2000.” This leaves us with a market size of 21.8 million students to use our safe secure site everyday to buy and sell their products. Risks and challenges Challenge- Getting every college student in the country onboard with use. Risk- All start-ups are risk. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter