What Is Multiface? Multiface is the first tool to enable multi-party video chat and conference room access through FaceTime. Multiface is easy to use: all you need is an iPhone, iPad, iMac or any Apple product. Multiface does not require any additional downloads or installations, just open your FaceTime and you’ll see the Multiface window.What Can Multiface Do?When your company needs to hold an urgent meeting, but the attendees are in different locations, or you need to assemble a design team spread out across the world for a brainstorming session, Multiface enables the kind of team discussion that gets results. If you’re studying abroad and can’t be with your family during holidays or birthdays, Multiface creates a virtual space for you to get together and share these special times. Outside of work, when you want to connect with children who have left the nest, Multiface can connect you with your family despite the distance. Multiface can also provide the perfect platform for distance education. When you want to share happy memories, or tell your friends about something interesting around you, just pull out your iPhone or iPad and Multiface will connect you with friends around the world, instantly. There are loads more uses for Multiface – and Multiface can provide multi-party video calls easily anytime and anywhere you can think to use it. Connect Customers To Your Conference RoomPrevious corporate video conferencing systems only supported internal conferences. But what about clients? For most companies, the demand for video conferencing with clients far exceeds the need for internal video conferencing, and the costs incurred in making up for this missing feature can be substantial. Since we can’t expect clients to purchase, install and configure expensive video conferencing software, Multiface will revolutionize the way you communicate with clients by allowing them to connect directly to the Polycom/Cisco/LifeSize systems in your conference room.Why Choose Multiface? Traditional video conference systems cost tens of thousands of dollars, but Multiface provides the same service for about the cost of a Mac Mini. The iPhones and iPads that your friends/clients/partners already use come with FaceTime installed, and FaceTime provides one of the simplest and most optimized user experiences available. How Did We Do It? To ensure performance and reliability, we used an independent Apple Mac Mini (2.3G quad-core i7) running the Multiface app we developed as our operating platform.First you need an AppleID, login to that ID in Multiface.Then either have your friends call that AppleID or call them from within Multiface. Once the call is established, Multiface will correlate the video and sound input from all connected devices into a single screen and broadcast this signal to everyone connected, allowing everyone to see and hear each other. Multiface supports the following simultaneous chat modes:1 video conferencing device (H.323) and up to 4 devices running FaceTime.Up to 5 devices running FaceTime. Why Should Be Installed As System, Not A Software Installation? For the pursuit of stable and reliable, Multiface running on the system of absolute controlled and shields the user peripheral input / output to the screen, then the user can not use his/her hardware platform as an ordinary computer, plus in order to protect our intellectual property rights we do encrypt the entire system. It works similar to the way of router. So user has to use independent Multiface system running on Mac mini. We also provide a way to run on user's own hardware. We provide a mobile hard drive as rewards, which allows users to switch run the Multiface system on their own hardware system. So the user can unplug the mobile hard disk later, very simple to switch back to its own system run on their own hardware. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 How To Use Multiface You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 New Rewards: $2 1 Day cloud service. No Mac Mini or hard drive required, no equipment to maintain, everything is run through the cloud. Cloud service will be available in April, 2015 if we reach 500 backers. $9 1 Week cloud service. No Mac Mini or hard drive required, no equipment to maintain, everything is run through the cloud. Cloud service will be available in April, 2015 if we reach 500 backers. $19 1 Month cloud service. No Mac Mini or hard drive required, no equipment to maintain, everything is run through the cloud. Cloud service will be available in April, 2015 if we reach 500 backers. $59 1 Quarter cloud service. No Mac Mini or hard drive required, no equipment to maintain, everything is run through the cloud. Cloud service will be available in April, 2015 if we reach 500 backers. $119 6 Month cloud service. No Mac Mini or hard drive required, no equipment to maintain, everything is run through the cloud. Cloud service will be available in April, 2015 if we reach 500 backers. What You Need 1. An Apple Mac Mini (quad-core i7), 2. High-speed internet (at least 8Mbps upload/download for HD, 4Mbps upload/download for regular video) If you chose reward of portable hard driver, you need above item 1 and 2. If you chose reward of cloud service package, you just need a Apple ID, nothing above. Cloud Service Package Cloud service is specially Reward for the ordinary users. You don't need to purchase, install, configure a Mac mini. We will provide Multiface devices located on the Internet. You simply register your AppleID Mto our colud platform. you can use multi-party video chat and conference room access through FaceTime anywhere, anytime. Risks and challenges We are a team with many years’ experience developing multi-media communications platforms. Our product’s stable and reliable hardware is based on the Mac Mini from Apple, so there is almost no risk involved. The main product functions have already been developed and will be available for user testing during our Kickstarter campaign. The main risks involved are in reliability and adaptability to different network conditions The cloud platform has not yet been developed, the main challenge involved here will be resource allocation when distributing the functionality we’ve already developed across multiple devices, but we are confident we can meet this challenge. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter