In 1978, the small town of Speedway, Indiana experienced the horror of eight random bombings. In four separate trials, a man named Brett Kimberlin was convicted of multiple charges related to the bombings. This is the story of the tangled, complex, and often times unreal narrative behind the man who perpetrated these seemingly random acts. Through public documents, interviews, and other eyewitness accounts, we will weave a compelling story that will prove that "truth is stranger than fiction."This is NOT a documentary. The stylish, narrative feature film will be produced and directed by me, Leigh Scott. Although many of you may know me as political blogger, loud-mouth and Breitbart contributor, my over 20 feature films have all received international distribution, finding their way into theaters, televisions, and Wal-marts across the country and around the world. For this project, I have enlisted the expertise of fellow Libertarian, friend, and A-list screenplay author, who, for his family's safety, wishes to remain anonymous at this time. While the rest of leftist Hollywood would never dream of such a film, this incredibly unreal story must be told. I have the chops and guts to get to the truth. Although many star names have declined because of the controversial subject matter, my track record, including Academy Award, Golden Globe, and Emmy winning talent, has attracted talented, reputable, and daring star names to the project. The kickstarter raise of $500,000 will be matched two to one by myself and my investors for a budget of $1.5 million; more than enough to bring this riveting story to screen. We are, given the subject matter, budgeting extra money for legal fees and heightened security.Sitting on the glittery edge of Hollywood, my team and I will venture to make the film the establishment would never make. Sure, they make movies about public figures like Jack Abramoff, HBO will spent millions on a film about Sarah Palin, and Aaron Sorkin continues to get air-time; but they sure as hell wouldn't be truly daring. This story needs no Hollywood dramatizing, just the truth. It has it all. Drugs, money, corruption, terrorism, politics, and power; can't get better than that. But, it's up to us to make it, the system never will.I find this character fascinating and his life's journey compelling material for a motion picture. While the primary goal will be to entertain, I also expect viewers will want to discover more about the subject matter once they learn that it is "based on a true story".The production, it's agents and employees, will make no attempts to contact or interact with Mr. Kimberlin. It will be completed in secret locations far from Mr. Kimberlin and his known associates. "Politics is downstream of culture". I do what I do because mainstream Hollywood chooses not to do it. Brett Kimberlin is a convicted felon. He is an admitted drug dealer. He claimed that he sold the Vice President of the United States pot. He was arrested for impersonating a federal officer. Now, he's a celebrated political activist, financed by celebrities and left wing mega funds. That's more intrigue and story fodder than five Oliver Stone or Steven Soderbergh films.Enter the convoluted world of radical politics, and the twisted prism of the left wing media.War.