The Mission:We want to help students be more successful in life. The first step in this is exciting them about how they will use the knowledge they are gaining in school. We know that parents will be happy to know that their college-bound student has an accurate understanding of the major they plan to pursue and an idea of how they want to use that degree. Based on the input we have received from high school teachers we believe our website will be an extremely useful tool to help excite students about their education.Our intention with We Inspire is to develop a network of educated professionals and give them opportunities to share their knowledge with students. We plan to do this through a website that is open to everyone. Once registered, a professional user can populate their profile with professional experiences, degrees, interests, and hobbies. Others can view and contact these professionals about their experiences. How it works - Registration: The first step is to visit our homepage and sign up: Then tell us a little more about yourself. For instance, if you are a teacher, tell us about your school and the subjects you teach. If you have professional experience, tell us a bit about your career. Create your bio User Profile Now your profile will serve as a resource for many to view and find inspiration. Students no longer have to view generic articles to get an understanding of your career field. They can simply view your profile to learn and discover from your real experiences.How it works - Use case: If you are a high school teacher and know that a few of your students are interested in electronics but are still undecided about college, you can search We Inspire for electrical engineers. sample search The search will return a list of software engineers in your area. Simply send them a message and schedule a time for them to meet with the students to talk about their firsthand experiences as a software engineer.This example works for all career paths. We are creating a tool that gives all students a greater chance at success. Students will no longer leave high school stumbling in the dark regarding the career they wish to pursue. They will have the ability to consult those who have actually done it by connecting with them through We Inspire. Why We Inspire: Many dedicated educators have proven that sharing real world examples excites and prepares students. Many of the students that make it through college successfully had previous exposure to their area of study before starting college. We aim to give these resources to everyone. In the coming weeks of our campaign, we will post videos from students and educators to help shed light on the benefits our service could offer. We have interest from professionals -- some of which who have already asked to sign up -- and schools eager to try our service, but we need your help. The money we raise will go towards continuing development of the website and mobile apps and growing We Inspire into a tool that will help people around the world! Thoughts From Professionals & Educators: Competitions: We won 2nd place in the Bob Mark Elevator Pitch Competition at Michigan Technological University Elevator. We won 2nd place in the National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE) regional Business Plan Competition in October, and will participate in the national competition in March. Arick: CTO of We Inspire and Simone: NSBE Region IV Business Diversity Chair We were semi-finalist in the 2015 Student Accelerate Michigan Competition. Arika: Director of Operations and Arick: CTO About Our Team: My name is Arika Davis and I am a cofounder and the Director of Operations for We Inspire! What is We Inspire? We Inspire is a website that helps develop a network of professionals and connects them with opportunities to share their knowledge to students. Our website is open for anyone to be able to register to gain more information from an educated professional, to find their career passion in life. We Inspire is a local business, created by colleagues and myself. We all are very passionate about helping others better themselves, and trying to give back to the community. We would love for people to be able to utilize our services. We want everyone from children to teenagers, to young adults, and also adults on a clear track to a passionate career. My name is Cassandra Sovereen and I am a cofounder and the Director of Communications and Marketing at We Inspire. We Inspire means so much to me! It means helping people decide what is important to them and helping them chase after it. It means helping people find their passion. I love being able to attribute to the success of others and with We Inspire, I can do that. We Inspire means making a difference in the world and the lives of others! We Inspire focuses on enriching our community and we are on our way to making the students of today into the leaders of tomorrow! My name is Arick Davis, I am a cofounder and the CTO of We Inspire. I was lucky enough to find my passion early in life and now I want to help others do the same. My current focus is leading development of the website. We have made a great deal of progress, and I am extremely excited for the growth of We Inspire. My name is Stroe Viorel Dragos, I'm a technical manager for We Inspire. When I was first approached to participate in this project, I never would have imagined myself making a contribution halfway across the world. The project would guide others towards better career choices and a better life possibly. Then, I realized that I was already doing what the business promised. The team inspired me to pursue a career and a mission. So here I am taking up the mission along with them, trying to inspire as many people as I come in contact with. My name is Simion Florin Gabriel and I'm a sales strategist for We Inspire. When I was introduced to this venture, I instantly knew I wanted to be a part of it. The mission is to help people with a real career guidance system, a way to put them in contact with those who may inspire them. This was not just another business idea, it's an opportunity to make a real difference. I hope I can inspire other to do better for themselves. My name is Duarte Teles and I am a backend developer for We Inspire with focus on security. I am excited to work with We Inspire because it is one of the best ideas I have came across. We inspire allows people to do more and better themselves every day. This exciting project allows me to develop with talented people and work to innovate new ideas. My name is Nathan Shaiyen and I am the User Experience Designer at We Inspire. To me, We Inspire is a platform to inspire people to go do whatever it is they want to do and letting them know that the sky is not their limit, it is just the starting point. Also letting them know that you really can do anything if you just put your mind to it. Media Coverage: Our story in The Grand Rapids Times Rewards: The diploma: Sample Diploma of Inspiration The sticker: Bumper sticker The pen: Pen The shirt: Shirt Early access: We are working hard to get the beta ready for release. ALL EARLY ACCESS, EARLY ACCESS BONUS, and INSPIRE contributors will receive beta access by the end of 2015. We are projecting the full release for July 2016. We will be sure to keep all contributors up-to-date on our progress. Our team is extremely dedicated to the success of this project, and we are excited to share our continued growth with you. Risks and challenges Delays in development: A potential challenge is completing the website. We now have 4 developers working part-time on the website with individuals roles for security, data collection, webpage formatting, and user experience. The risk is delays in release, but we are confident about the completion of the project. We also have plans to ease registration by porting data from other social media. We are confident that this is something we will overcome if issues arise. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter