The Great Flood all but extinguished the flame of civilization. The few remnants now take refuge in the oceans and new societies rise and fall. The fate of humanity now ebbs and flows with the tides. "I’d never heard of Diluvion until now, and my anticipation just went through the roof..."-Twinfinite"The really striking bit [...] is when it smoothly switches between the 3D exploration and the 2D cutaway showing the crew. That sonar visualization is pretty hot too."-Destructoid(Here's the above trailer in HD) $45k - Custom Emblems ACHIEVED Your the captain of your ship, so you should be able to personalize it with a custom emblem! If we reach this stretch goal, anyone who receives the game will be able to select from one of our included emblems, OR choose their own image and import it into the game. Check the update here for more. $55k - Upgrade-able Home Base Your very own base of operations under the sea. The Home Base will house all your stand-by crew members and subs. As you gain notoriety and wealth, you can upgrade your base. This isn't just a cosmetic upgrade, though. Upgraded bases will have rare item merchants, bars where notorious sailors will hang out and share rumors, and chances to hire rare & unique crew members! Diluvion is a deep sea exploration and submarine combat game. It's planned to be released for Windows and Mac via Steam. We've already got the all-clear from Steam to distribute with them. Yes, there will be controller support! This Kickstarter's goal is to fund the initial release entirely. Due to the amount of content and lore we want to show in the game, we have two expansions planned. But worry not! Backers that contribute $10 or more will receive all planned expansions free of additional charge! Exploration and combat in Diluvion take place in fully 3D open-world zones. The world of Diluvion is an unforgiving place. Forced into the ocean by the Great Flood and now trapped under an impenetrable layer of ice, humanity hangs by a tenuous thread. By a twist of fate, you, an aspiring submarine captain, have been given the honor of commanding your first sub. With a brave crew at your command, you now venture into the unknown. A 2D cutaway view reveals the interior, where you can meet characters and manage your crew. Diluvion contains a mix of 2D and 3D elements. While exploring in your sub, you'll view the open world around you in 3D. When visiting towns and interacting with your crew, a cross-section view reveals intricately painted 2D interiors. The cross-section view showing the interior of Dweller Colony 92. As the captain of your sub, you have access to an array of weapons in addition to sonar and salvaging abilities. Sonar is essential for getting information about the world around you. However, it can be a deadly game of cat and mouse. By sending out a sonar ping, you also alert hostile subs in the area to your presence. Sonar in action Combat in Diluvion is derived from the classic space trading and combat simulation genre. We drew inspiration from games like Wing Commander and Freelancer. The combat is fully 3D, and your sub has multiple weapon rooms which can lock on to enemies. There's a full arsenal of underwater weapons to master as well; bolts, torpedoes, mines, and railguns, each with their own advantages and disadvantages. The swift Huron sub has a torpedo lock on two enemies. In the video below, Jacob talks about combat basics as he plays the pre-alpha build! (Sorry about the missing thumbnail, youtube be trippin'.) While designing the subs, we put a lot of thought into what's inside. There's a great emphasis on the interior of your sub and the crew that operates it. Different Gunners will give unique firing bonuses, Helmsmen can increase the effectiveness of your ship with advanced maneuvers, and a good Sonar Tech can give you the edge in a long-range torpedo battle. Additionally, your crew can often function semi-autonomously. For example, your gunners can be told to engage previously designated targets while you're busy dodging a torpedo! The more crew you have in a station, the more operational bonuses it will have! As you progress through the game, you will naturally find yourself in larger submarines, and to operate them you'll need a bigger crew. There will be also be new job classes you'll discover as you advance. In the video below, Jacob shows the crew mechanics and narrates the details. The denizens of the flooded world generally fall into one of three factions: The Icers, the Royals, and the Dwellers. They each have their own culture and technology, but the biggest defining factor is their geography. The Icers tend to live in colonies drilled into the ice or anchored near it. They have exceptional advanced technology and hope to one day finally drill all the way through the ice. The Royals live in great domed Old World cities on what used to be the surface. They see themselves as the rulers of the flooded world, and their Houses control immense military power. The Dwellers live in the darkest depths of the oceans. They survive by fishing and mining, and are the most superstitious inhabitants of Diluvion. In the murky darkness of the sea floor, they turn to their religion for guidance, worshiping the strange sea creatures around them. We started on Diluvion as soon as we finished Ballpoint Universe in early 2014. We spent a lot of time developing the lore and technology that would exist in our sunken world. A good portion of 2014 was spent developing the visual style, and learning how to apply that to assets across the board.Once the art style had been developed to a point we were happy with, we began developing a pipeline that would work well for our small team. In early 2015, we completed our vertical slice which contains a majority of the key core gameplay elements including combat, docking, looting, crews, dialogue, and inventory. We're working with Razer to create the highest quality in-game audio for Diluvion. We are a proven team of developers who have shipped games to many platforms including Steam, Desura, Wii U, iOS, and Android. We were awarded the Indie DB 2013 Visuality award for Ballpoint Universe. Our team has a combined total of 19 years of game development experience, 12 years of programming experience, and 13 years of Unity game engine experience.Leo Dasso is guy from North Carolina who's been designing games since he was 16, and drawing since age 3. He's a former instructor of Interactive Illustration at the Academy of Art University. He handles all the artsy stuff for Diluvion, such as concept art, textures, model sheets, and coffee drinking.Jacob Stove Lorentzen is a tall viking dude from Norway. He handles the technical side and does most of the programming for Diluvion.Patrick Wagner is a native Californian and a former instructor of game programming at the Academy of Art University. He tends to wear a lot of hats through the development process, including design, writing, programming, and level design. Gil Weinstock is a cool bro from Israel. He plays a sick ukulele, and also can model and do Z-brush magic. Gil is creating most of the 3D models for Diluvion. Mei Huang is an art student from North Carolina. She is great at drawing and eating, but more importantly, she also handles our press and publisher relations on a part time basis. DILUVION ART COLLECTION The Diluvion Art Collection is a digital artbook containing over 40 pages of concept art, sketches, and production art. Included are short blurbs about the world, specifications and charts of subs, and character art! It's delivered as a high quality PDF. Check out the preview here.THE GAME You will receive the game on release day! It will be available for Windows and Mac, through your choice of Steam or Humble Store (DRM free). You will also receive all planned expansions free of additional charge!DILUVION ORIGINAL SOUNDTRACKYou'll receive the full original soundtrack from Diluvion. We may end up with multiple composers for this project, but we've locked in the incredibly talented Michael Ward, who did this test track. CLOSED BETA ACCESS You will have access to the closed beta. This will be hosted on Steam, and we'll be sending out keys when the time comes. As a closed beta member, you'll get to explore Diluvion before everyone else, AND you get to see all the new and exciting bugs we have to offer.3D PRINTED LIONFISH SUB & SIGNED POSTER Get the awesome Kickstarter exclusive 3d printed miniature of the Lionfish sub. You can even fly it around and make whoosh noises! The poster is an 11x17" high quality matte print, signed by every member of the Arachnid team! GET IN THE GAME Want to put yourself in the game? Have an idea for a character? Give us a character description, and we'll put YOU in the game as a character in one of the towns! The in-game rewards aren't just variant skins of the same subs. They each include unique weapons loadouts that you won't find anywhere else in the game! Get the edge with these rare subs!KICKSTARTER EXCLUSIVE SUB #1: SPINY DEATH - This eccentric looking Lionfish is the iconic scavenger ship once belonging to Jay Treadwasser. The ship's hull was modified to include a torpedo tube in addition to the standard dual side-mounted turrets. Many shipwrecks have been plundered by this durable craft! Lionfish "Spiny Death" by arachnidleo on Sketchfab KICKSTARTER EXCLUSIVE SUB #2: CLARITY'S FALL - Once a scout sub for the city of Clarity, this Glaciem Type 3 vessel was ambushed by pirate forces. After slaughtering the crew and re-christening her Clarity's Fall, the pirates heavily modified the ship and embarked on a bloody campaign of commerce raids. Glaciem Type 3 "Clarity's Fall" by arachnidleo on Sketchfab KICKSTARTER EXCLUSIVE SUB #3: NOBLE FOLLY - This Royal Huron Lancer class vessel was originally a test-bed for advanced weapons technology. After being mothballed, she mysteriously resurfaced in the hands of pirates as the raider Noble Folly. Lancer "Noble Folly" by arachnidleo on Sketchfab THE BIGGEST KICKSTARTER EXCLUSIVE SUB: REDEYE'S REVENGE - Ensure your dominance of the seas and get the limited edition, Kickstarter exclusive, 25,000 ton Redeye's Revenge. This massive Atlantica class vessel, a product of the bloated Royal military budget, was hijacked in a daring raid on Royal Fleet Headquarters by Redeye and his band of pirates! Atlantica "Redeye's Revenge by arachnidleo on Sketchfab A $40,000 budget will allow our small team to develop and complete the initial release. Here's a simple budget breakdown of development of the initial release based on a $40,000 minimum: Team / business expenses: $30,500 (team salaries, office workspace/utilities, incidentals) Software Licensing: $2,000 Kickstarter & Amazon fees: $3-4,000 Packing & Shipping: ~$3,000 Due to the amount of content and lore we want to bring to Diluvion, we've planned two expansions to the initial release. They won't be sold separately, however. Purchasing the game (or contributing at least 10$ through this Kickstarter) will get you the initial release and 2 planned expansions of Diluvion without additional charge. The estimated timeline for development & release of the initial game and the expansions is as follows: Initial release: December 2015 Expansion 1: June 2016 Expansion 2: December 2016 Risks and challenges The biggest challenge of developing Diluvion will come simply from the scale of the game. We've developed a vertical slice of the game to help us determine roughly how long assets take us to create, and made a schedule based on that for the production of the rest of the game. However, life brings unexpected events all the time. In the case of development delays or mishaps, we will push development back. Of course, as a backer you'll be the first to know about it via our updates. We'll talk about what happened and why we were delayed. Data loss is a significant risk in development! But we have four local copies of the game project, and we keep backups on external servers. As far as overcoming the challenge of developing on a large scale with a small team, it's simply a matter of having experience and being able to streamline the development pipelines to match the given amount of time. In the case of a major development setback due to a life event of one of our crew, we'll be sure to keep you up to date via backer updates. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter