my TA2 DESCRIPTION from my vast experience in the tattoo industry (20+ yrs.) followed by my experience in the freelance graphics, illustrations, and webdesign for over 15 yrs i have used sites such as, guru, upwork, odesk and many others. This has spawned an opportunity to create something special and engaging for both the artist, and the tattoo collectors. Within the tattoo industry, I could not maintain a solid clientele, they had seemed to become un-loyal not like 15 years ago. They seem more concerned with the cheapest price; this new trend of the ' Friday the 13th, 13.00$ tattoo deals. Yes, I have covered thousands of them. The main problem I see is the lack of customer’s ability to find the proper shop or artist to complete what they have envisioned. Some artist even refuses to do anything but what they specify in; such as, portraits, bold color, black and grey. Back in the days, it used to be one artist would work on one person; FOREVER no matter what they chose to have tattooed. Times have changed and this industry as well, i have sat inside a shop thinking how to implement a more meaningful connection. One which will allow the customer to understand and see samples of different styles, along with support pages to explain what to look out for, and to help direct them to the style they need to have that new tattoo look just as they envisioned it to look like on their body. Also keeping this within their specific selected price range. my TA2, would allow the tattoo collector to post a idea, or description of the tattoo they like, along with a price limit and place this information on the site. The artist would have a chance to bid on the information and of course, the collector would have final say. They can make that choice seeing all the artists’ samples, talk with the specific artist and see the prices both would agree upon. This connection of customer-artist will create a safe environment alleviating the stress of feeling pressured to just get any available artist at the local shop to TRY, to tattoo what they like and HOPE, it all comes out well. Not all artist and shops are good there are specific styles, black and grey, color, cartoon, bold, detail and so on. Some pages will be provided to help explain how to pick the right artist, and allowing the customer to engage in their new tattoo from artist-shop-price range 100%. This will result in more satisfaction and support from the industry in a whole artist, shops, and customers. Here we can create a safe friendly and helpful environment for every one in any state or to find the perfect artist, the perfect shop and the perfect price. Also stabilizing a good price standard within the community of artist and studios. The feeling on coming to this site and picking a reasonable price, finding a great artist, a local shop, and maintaining the feeling of safety and security knowing all procedures are done by licensed shops with certified artists. Making a permanent successful and safe mark forever. your 1st choice is... FOREVER Risks and challenges one issue i have resolved, was the manpower for the project to market. i already have this position filled for a call and list coordinator. get the word out, i have already established a green light, with 2 suppliers for the tattoo industry. both have a client/email list of over 1500, and i have been authorized to use these list's to help spread the word about the myTA-2 project. I have also compiled other outlets to show the world. This will help find some sponsors in the industry. ;if there are some snags in the assembling of artist and shops to obtain the certification. i have established a contact at the local health department to assist me. (certified-only shops) and ( Licensed-artist) are allowed to create a profile. confirmed we have an access to these public files and found another supporter for this project. most of the marketing will be ongoing and can be an issue in the future, of manpower to help establish a faster account profiles. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter