Your Venture Online At Your Venture Online, we believe in empowering entrepreneurship. Entrepreneurs come in all shapes and sizes and at YVO we aim to accommodate all styles, whether you are an individual just starting up or a collective of entrepreneurs planning your next big thing. Your Venture Online is based on the belief that many of the challenges faced by start-up (or even thriving) businesses can be solved by technological automation, but we also realise that without first organising your business requirements, automation if often useless. That’s why we intend to provide the tools to easily organise your business life into groups, projects and jobs and build on automating as much as possible from there. At Your Venture Online, we don’t believe in reinventing the wheel. That’s why we are trying to leverage the public API’s provided by leading social media platforms to enhance the ability to organise, automate and promote your business aspirations. (Note that we always comply with the Terms & Conditions of the social medial platform we integrate with.)We also strongly believe in adaptability and it is the intention of the platform to grow with the current needs of entrepreneurs. This is where our software agents come in, small bits of software that can be used in the platform to perform common tasks. As time goes on, the number of software agents will grow and it is the intention that these agents may also eventually be created by Your Venture Online Entrepreneurs themselves to help kick start their own businesses! At its heart, Your Venture Online will be user driven and this is one of the main reasons (besides raising the seed capital to launch) that we have chosen KickStarter to be the fuel for the rocket. All KickStarter backers of Your Venture Online will play an integral part of the shape and success of the platform and we take into account all feedback from backers. The Most Important Belief of All Your data is your data and will not be shared with any third parties unless you expressly intend it to as part of realising your business aspirations. By default, everything you create and organise on Your Venture Online is private until you decide in should be shared.What We Will Use the Money For Whilst a lot of work has been done on the platform over the past four years, the final push to develop and test all the final vital features that will make the software truly useful, will require some funding. This includes development of phone applications and a comprehensive global testing approach to all Your Venture Online software. We also require full time global support coverage and most importantly global-ready infrastructure to give users the best experience when using the software. Phone apps Timelines Provided we reach or surpass our £100k seed target, we will aim to launch the platform and all associated services & apps in Q1/Q2 2017. (See the rewards for more details on deliverables).YOUR VENTURE ONLINE FeaturesProject CategoriesYour Venture Online has specialised project management features based on the project category you are working on.For example, Music projects will integrate with software for showcasing your music samples such as SoundCloud and YouTube. Project Categories Online OfficeThe central tool used for organising, managing and automating your business ventures. Online Office Online PresenceYour fully integrated online presence is intended to showcase your business activities and custom promotional material. Online Presence Software AgentsOn day one of the launch we will have 5 software agents ready for use:Agent Email (Starter) – listens to your tagged emails and files content from them in your projects and jobs. Outlook/standalone plugin included. Agent Email (Advanced) – automatically files emails based on rules. Standalone server included.Agent Alert – sends out emails and text messages when deadlines and important events are approaching. Agent Image – generate images for your projects and online presence. Agent Report– generates reports based on your data including financial reports. Agent Mailshot– helps you to generate and send out mailshots to your networks. Software Agents Bonus Agents (if seed target exceeded) Agent Snap – snaps the web to create images and documents from web content. Agent Website – helps you to generate a website from your online content . Agent Paypal Seller – provides a facility to take payments for goods via Paypal easily. Risks and challenges If Your Venture Online is fully funded on KickStarter, the challenges on the team will then be in the following areas: > Final developments in the core software. > Full QA testing of core platform and software agents. > Finalising development & testing of phone applications. > Productionising the platform and applying a global support model. > Improving the platform based on collective user feedback. In general, Your Venture Online will be a progressive platform that evolves and integrates with current, useful social media networks that have public API's. This in itself presents a challenge in maintaining reliable software that continues to work in unison with other platforms. Through expertise in automation and integration, we will ensure a cutting-edge approach to keeping systems working together. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter