Welcome to Dante’s Pub. The goal is for the first episode – But any money left over will go to the second one and so on. Dante’s pub is an up and coming torrent series we believe that Bit Torrent in the next big wave of entertainment – and we plan to ride it to the fullest. we will post instructions on downloading on the blog for play on your HDTV (via hdmi hookup to your computer) or simply on your computer. If successful we will also release premastered ISO files suitable for you to burn to DVD disks – all free of charge. The funding is for the first three episodes and our goal is to begin production as soon as we raise enough for the pilot episode, and build from there. We plan on releasing Dante’ onto the internet free of charge. This means it it totally fan supported, and as such we will seriously consider any suggestions submitted by fans and supporters that come across our blog. Each episode can be downloaded free of charge in blazing HD ready to be played from your computer to your HD screen if desired. Or simply watched on your computer or iphone. (All versions will be made available via direct download as well.) Dante’s pub is a Dark comedy series in the vain of “The Hitchhiker.” Each episode is a complete story. Who is Dante’? Well we’re not sure. He seems like a mild mannered Brooklyn bartender, but when his patrons sample his special drinks strange things begin to happen in their lives. Dante’ is not short on wit or sarcasm when it comes to his patrons. Desperate people are willing to take desperate measures for what they want – or what the think they want. Dante and his cocktail waitress (a mixer in training) are happy to oblige them. Planned episodes: Pilot: Episode 1 Zen and the art of Narcolepsy Randy’s life sucks, he is in a horrible marriage, he hates his job, and he wants out. Oh, did I mention he has narcolepsy? After sampling one of Dante’s special drinks he’s not sure where the real world ends and his narcoleptic dreams begin. He dreams of murdering his wife, but when she turns up dead the fun starts. But what’s really going on? Is she really dead or did he just dream it, and who’s the new woman in his life, the mysterious jogger, or is Dante just having a good time mixing his drinks? Episodes in development: Trauma Queen A Female paramedic is having problems with her patients, her dead ones. They still want her help. A Picture is Worth a Thousand Souls. Leo is a photographer who has lost the edge of his creativity. Dante’ rescues him by lending him a special camera that captures the soul subject – literally. Only trouble is that the batteries have to stay charged. When they get too low, souls begin to escape and wreak havoc in Leo’s life. Too fat to dance. We all want the miracle diet, but when an over the hill ballet dancer with a few extra pounds wanders into Dante’s pub, she gets a little more than she bargained for. We’ll always have Brooklyn Patrick wants a new life outside of Brooklyn. There is only one thing holding him back. His girlfriend Candice and of course a cocktail from Dante’. Karma is a Bitch What happens when a petty career criminal wanders into Dante’s Pub to rob it? He gets a free drink, of course, and then must atone for his life of sin. Goin’ crazy isn’t always bad… A writer decides to lock himself away with an old fashion typewriter after getting a dose of Dante’s creative juices. When the Typewriter begins speaking to him things get interesting. and we are wide open to suggestions for future episodes. Please check the links below for the Extreme Mojo Blog where you can see samples of my previous work and updates on the upcoming episodes, as well as notes from the cast and behind the scenes of the production as it is happening. As well as offer suggestions, and comments. All Money here will be used to pay the cast and crew, and for the post production (Editing and Sound Design). Thanks -Tom Hobbs (Producer – Dante’s Pub) Project location: Brooklyn, NY