Have you ever wanted to own the quirky t-shirts that Sheldon on The Big Bang Theory wears, the jewelry featured in Game of Thrones or James Bond’s watch? Well now there’s a simple app where you can find all the products you want from your favorite TV shows and movies! Simply pick the show or movie, pick the character and viola! All the products your favorite characters have can be yours! In this awesome new app, all the products and where to purchase them are at your fingertips, eliminating the hassle of researching them yourself. Once you have chosen a product, the app will allow you to either make the purchase through the app, or it will take you to the website where you can purchase your product. You can own all your favorite character's products in four easy steps! Step 1 It's easy to select your favorite television show from our list. Just scroll until you see the show you want and select. Step 2 Go directly to the character you admire most and the scene in which your product was used. Step 3 You can select all the things you like about your favorite character from clothing, jewelry, make-up, accessories and furniture. Emulate your character down to the last detail or create your own version. The only limitation is your imagination. Step 4 By selecting your favorite products, Emulate will provide you the option to buy the products through the app or direct you to a participating online vendor. "It's Simple" In four easy steps you can become the characters you love the most. You can emulate the character in whole or just take on the aspects of your character’s life-style. It is more than buying products; you can become the character you love. Risks and challenges There are always risks in marketing, although there are four projects with the greatest prospect for success. • Apps & Gadgets • Get Skinny Quick • Get Rich Quick • Games People have had their fill of products and programs that promise results and fail to deliver. Now there is Emulate and it only delivers! There are no pills, programs or workouts to follow, just a quick and easy way for you to become the characters you love the most. Emulate will deliver because there are no promises, just choices for the user to make. Apps are inexpensive to create, which is why there are 1.2M apps available for the Apple iPhone alone. Most of these apps go unnoticed, but Emulate will spend most of the funds on soft marketing techniques like: • Per-Inquiry Television • Social Network Marketing • Web Advertising This approach will generate a heightened awareness for Emulate and all but guarantee success. It’s simple; in four easy steps you can become the characters you love the most. You can emulate the character in whole or just take on certain aspects of your character’s life-style. It is more than buying products; with this app, you can become the character you love. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter