We all scream for more cheese!It's time to spread the cheesey love! I am beyond excited to bring you the next great step in all things fromage: Forma. “Forma” is how Italians refers to a cheese wheel. The concept is simple:At Forma, the culinary centerpiece will be these cheese wheels, each featuring a different type of Italian cheese like Parmigiano, breathtaking Pecorino, and so on. In each of these wheels, freshly cooked pasta will be tossed with scraped cheese in the actual cheese wheel! Melting the succulent cheese and delivering a rich and enchanting flavor to your palate! Yummy! These “Formas” will be featured in a fun and unique way on a big rustic counter in the main dining room. But Forma won’t be just about cheeses. In fact, it’s a casual Bar-Osteria with wooden tables and furniture with industrial look. It will be open from 11am until late evening, where people can not only come for lunch, dinner or brunch, but also stop by in the afternoon or late at night to get something to eat or simply have a cocktail or a glass of wine.BUT WE CAN'T DO IT WITHOUT YOU!Forma:Any great dining experience begins when you walk through the door. For us, the best thing about our service at Forma is the personal interaction we have with the amazing people we're feeding!Careful thought has been put into each dish - with only the best ingredients, sourced responsibly, and purchased locally whenever possible. Location:1610 Montana Ave, Santa Monica, CA. We've found the space, and we leased it! This is where you come in!Why do you need the money? Over the last few months we’ve made progress- acquiring the location, permits, and so on- but the location purchased “Jack’s on Montana” was loosing more than we thought, consuming more capital than initially planned. Your money will keep this project alive! All of the money that you'll be contributing to this campaign is going toward getting Forma off the ground! Everything from build-out, equipment and legal fees to silverware, napkins, and glasses will benefit from your contributions.But I'm broke. Can I still help?Yes!! We need to get the word out there to your rich friends! What? You don't have any rich friends? Well, maybe your broke friends have rich friends! You have the power of the interweb! Spread the word! Share on Facebook! Tweet about it to the twits on Twitter!RewardsTake a peek to the right at all of the rewardsWe have a bunch of great perks to offer our backers, including:•Gift cards•Personal videos•Enjoy a seat at Forma with myself!Thank you for taking the time to read about Forma. We hope you will become a backer by supporting us through one of the many offerings we have available. We'll keep you posted on the progress and we look forward to having you be part of the dream.Please back this project, then share with your friends, family, and coworkers.We thank you so much for all your support, and can't wait to see you at Forma soon! Risks and challenges The biggest risk we face is that we do not reach our funding goal...However, we feel very confident that our concept, business model, and our amazing rewards for backers will attract the desired financing. So please help by sharing this link with your friends and family. YOUR HELP IN PROMOTING this project is CRUCIAL to its success. THANK YOU SO MUCH! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter