Here,Everything is about EATS,Finger Shopping,1hr Express,Foodcourt & Supermarket Online...You click,We'll do the rest...wowoeat.weebly.com...As long as that is about eats,everyone can buy, sell, trade, exchange, share cooking, find a job, It's all over here...wowoeat.weebly.com...wowoeat :Cool..?! No matter you are hungry or worry to cooking You can in the shortest possible time to obtain the food...Our plan is divided into two parts：On-line & Off-lineOff-line Wowoeat center near your home You can buy something about eats or be here eat something....Wowoeat center is all about eats business that has three functional : shopping, cooking, delivering…on-line Has the website and smart phone 1.You can buy or sell something about eats 2. You can order food by 24hours -7days 3.You can teach people to cooking or learn how to cooking4. If you want you can keep in touch for anybody by anytime and anywhere 5. You can know in a nearby restaurant or find a job6. If your restaurant for sell just come here that is correctDavid Chen Risks and challenges Nine Questions For wowoeat.com 1. What we need to do The Internet business of eats, Create the one that everything is about eats in the platform of Internet 2. What for people's help and the benefits Let eats by people more easier more faster more cheaper more convenient more comprehensive 3. How do we want The firstly : (wowoeat.com) set up a communicate platform let people into trading The secondly : (mask system) set up social network software that order system into the smartphone The thirdly : (wowoeat center) set up convenience store have call center provide shopping, cooking, expressing to the customer 4. How much money we want A.one million B.ten million C.one hundred million D.eight hundred million E.IPO 5. How long will be completed A totally of five step, complete every step by every year 6. What is the ultimate goal Become the one and best by Internet business of eats, more than Alibaba 7. How to make money sales income, guarantee payment, express revenue, advertising 8. Competitor Alibaba 9. What we want right now If get ninety thousand that we well be Develop website system If get one hundred and ninety thousand that we well be Develop mobile system If get nine hundred and ninety thousand that we well be Develop wowoeat shopping center David Chen Learn about accountability on Kickstarter