THE PROJECT AND FUNDING The whole project rests on the music.Seven new works of contemporary classical music accompanying Ollie & Charlie, two romantic simpleton cats, as they picnic their way through 900 years of history. Our jumping off point is the Medieval period. Normally the music is added to the final result of the animation but in this case we chose to go the opposite way. We look at the classical music compositions as the foundation for the animation. The result is a purer form of music from the imagination of our composers. How we intend to use the funds:50% of the funds raised are for the animators. 30% is for the musicians and composers. 20% is for the sound design.LOOK AND FEELCinematic in feel, multilayered with deep perspective and colour palettes designed to evoke the musical timeframe, each Opus will feature a different style of animation, the musical arrangements being informed by the visuals - whimsical and immediately enjoyable. FORMAT The final video project will be 24fps, 2k (2048×1080) Cinema ‘flat’ (35mm widescreen) 1.85, 5.1 Surround Sound. EVENTSLIVE PERFORMANCE There will be live performances of pieces from the actual period in which the 'Dundercats' Opus is placed. These will be followed by the premiere for each Opus. Before the live performance there is a short lecture on the creative process and the team.THE STORYDeath, a tiny, shadowy figure, face hidden in his cloak of invisibility, travels across plague-ravaged European countryside. Passing through towns, claiming the lives of people he manages to grab by the mouth with his bony wee hands to peer down their throats and grab their souls. He walks slowly, deliberately along roads and through towns, upsetting birds and animals, making flowers and vegetables wither and die at his very presence.Death approaches the town of Kittenwald, a beautiful town in the Bavarian Alps with magnificently decorated houses, painted facades and ornately carved gables. Known as "the Village of a Thousand Strings" because of the Citoles, Viols, Lutes and Gitterns lovingly made here, all of its citizens are happily involved in the artistry of creating beautiful musical instruments.Death theatrically and ominously brandishes a wooden staff topped with a sharp metal blade shaped like a cat claw as he walks by streets full of luthier shops.Death walks by Charlie and Ollie’s luthier. Charlie completes stringing a Viol whilst Ollie, waiting patiently for her, quietly wraps a Sackbut and lute in cloth. He lifts up a picnic basket and motions for Charlie to leave through the back door for supper. They escape Death’s notice by mere seconds.Meanwhile, Death’s feet are killing him. A tiny yawn issues from the darkness under his cloak where his face should be. Lips smacks follow the yawns. Death needs a nap. Death heads over to a gnarly old tree. The tree immediately dies as he curls up under it. He makes noises as he sleeps. A mixture of snoring and purring.Ollie and Charlie set off towards an old churchyard a short walk from home. A few minutes into the walk, Charlie realises that she has forgotten the blanket and looks around for anything that can be used as a substitute. She sees a long, grey cloak beneath the branch of an old, gnarly old dead tree and picks it up, feeling very pleased with herself. She does not notice Death sleeping under the branch.They reach the churchyard and enjoy their picnic.The lack of a cloak rouses Death. He’s a bit chilled. He’s stiff and irritated. He returns to Kittenwald to finish his day's work, unaware that his cloak is missing and that everyone can now see him.Death points his staff at people and hisses. He is not frightening in the least, but rather a ridiculous and comical figure - a teeny, hairless, wrinkly cat. The citizens of Kittenwald look at him and point and laugh, as though he were the village idiot.Death is thoroughly confused and embarrassed then realises that he has no powers at all without his cloak. He flees from the town amid peals of laughter. Running right past Ollie and Charlie returning from their picnic.Ollie carries the basket, Charlie drapes Death's cloak over her paw. The Mayor of the town recognises the cloak as Death's and soon Charlie and Ollie are being held aloft and paraded through the town as the vanquishers of Death, the saviours of the Village of a Thousand Strings. Ollie passes biscuits to Charlie as they are carried through the streets. They munch and laugh. Risks and challenges Our animation partners are based in Poland, so our challenges are timezones and geographic location. To facilitate our work we use SaaS products Slack (@SlackHQ) and Wipster (@wipsters) to push the creative process of turning the music into animation. We also rely on Skype (@skype) for face-to-face communications. We are professional musicians and TV producers/editors and sound designers working with professional animators so we are very used to the workflows, schedules, intense deadlines that these kinds of projects bring. After the Medieval opus is finished, we will move on to the next opus There are seven opuses spanning 900 years of Western classical music history. With your support we can achieve our goal of bringing a totally unique music and animation project to the public, showing the concerts in three venues; Canada, Scotland and Hong Kong. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter