Sports viewing has expanded in recent years to include audio of those participating. Recent innovations include basketball coaches wearing microphones and Nascar's RaceView, which allows fans to listen to conversations between drivers and their pit crew. My desire, using my company GolferVox, is to expand this same opportunity to the world of professional golf. GolferVox will establish a platform that allows patrons to listen to conversations between golfers and their caddies during tournament play. This will grant access to golfers' strategies and mindsets at various times on the course, thereby enhancing the viewing experience for golf enthusiasts in general, as well as for fans of specific golfers. There are two primary components to this endeavor: collecting the audio and disseminating it. The latter will be the easiest part. We will do it by streaming audio through a dedicated website for fans at home, or by using an app that fans can take with them anywhere, including tournament sites. I envision a time where patrons in the gallery can listen to the players' dialogue while they strategize in the middle of the fairway. It will all be possible simply by using the app and earbuds. The main obstacle facing us will be collecting the audio. We will do this either by having caddies wear lapel mics and running the audio in real time through dedicated receivers, or by using radio frequencies to a single dedicated tower on site. The golfers will want to participate because they can generate a new revenue stream that takes advantage of their popularity. Much like musicians are funded each time a song is downloaded, golfers will receive compensation for every person who subscribes to their transmission. In this new world of social media it will not be unusual or uncomfortable for most golfers to grant this type of personal access. It could also be a wonderful tool they use to enhance their personal brands. The tournaments where we could offer this service are endless, including all PGA tournaments, LPGA tournaments, the Ryder Cup and the Presidents Cup. Subscription fees will be modest and charged monthly depending on operating costs - perhaps $8.99 a month for each individual golfer. However, I envision an opportunity to up-charge customers to a flat fee - $18.99 - to have access to all professional golfers signed up on the GolferVox roster. The time has come for modern technology to expand to the world of professional golf. Coverage of the U.S. Open on Fox was enhanced greatly by the expanded audio capabilities, so I am confident this product will be embraced by those who are avid fans of professional golf. Risks and challenges The primary risk to this endeavor will be any problems we may encounter with collecting the audio. Our efforts will be made more difficult because of the geographic challenges inherent to golf; namely, golfers are spread out over a broad field of play instead of a finite area like the bench area on a basketball court. However, I am being assisted in this project by professionals who do similar work for clients including the NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament and the NCAA World Series. This team of communication and technology experts have assured me that my mission is not only possible but feasible with relatively reasonable start-up costs. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter