REGRESSION is the story of two best friends, George and Benny, who've grown up together— and at the same time, apart. THE STORY: George and Benny are both approaching 30 and working the same menial job. Benny is funny, easygoing, and comfortable in his situation, while George's ambition has turned into anxiety as the years go by without him ever achieving greatness by society's standards. As George's anxiety reaches a breaking point, he recovers a repressed memory of an old childhood legend of the witch in the woods who can tell you your future. A desperate George convinces his best friend to go back into the woods where they played and dreamed as kids to find the witch...and in the process both of their lives will be changed forever.CREW:MIKE - DIRECTOR OF PHOTOGRAPHY: Mike is studying film at the College of DuPage and will achieve his degree this year. Some cinematographers that have inspired Mike to get into the field are Robert Richardson, Wally Pfister, and Roger Deakins. In Mike's spare time he enjoys viewing short films and documentaries, studying photography, and traveling. DANIEL - DIRECTOR: Daniel has been studying film at the College Of Dupage for 2 years and is on track of getting a degree this year. Some of Daniel’s favorite directors and who he draws inspiration from are the Cohen brothers, Jason Reitman and Alexander Payne. Here is a link to our Directors last film’s trailer. http://vimeo.com/86199432ALEX MARSHALL - PRODUCERThis will be Alex's fourth and final year at College of DuPage. Alex loves watching a variety of films, but hopes to become a part of them by becoming an editor or screenwriter. A few of Alex's greatest film inspirations are Paul Thomas Anderson, Stanley Kubrick, David Fincher, and Lars von Trier.DAVID SARRETT - EDITOR: David grew up in a suburb of Cleveland, OH. He moved to Chicago in 1998 working in fine dining restaurants for ten years. After he married in 2008 and moved to the quaint western suburb of Glen Ellyn, he began taking classes at College of DuPage in their Motion Picture/ Television department. Among a long list of influences and interests, David most likes using Reason software by Propellerheads to make music, and hopes to one day make soundtracks.https://soundcloud.com/dr-spaceknob/watergroovehttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-DGeOFSOCkhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjWWq4vO-mIADAM T'KOY – WRITER: After earning a bachelor's degree in marketing and working in event planning for 3 years, Adam decided to give it all up to follow his dream of making films like the ones he grew up watching and loving. He's spent the last 2 1⁄2 years studying at College of DuPage and expects to graduate this December.JAMES WOLF - PRODUCTION DESIGNER: James has four years of theatre production background. After leaving high school he decided that he wanted to work in film and theatre. For the last three years James has been studying film at College of Dupage working on his Degree in Film/Video Production. WHAT YOUR DONATION WILL DO: Even small short films like Regression need financing to get made. Your contribution will help us: – Secure permits to film at our chosen locations – Dress and/or construct our sets – Create and/or purchase props – Clothe our actors – Feed our cast and crew, who are all working for free – Market our film and create posters – Submit our finished film to festivals – And more! Risks and challenges One of our biggest challenges is the time constraint of our school semester. We have just 18 weeks to go from concept to finished film. Beyond that—and we probably will go beyond that—we'll all be pitching it to get everything perfected on whatever time we have to spare. Our second biggest hurdle is obtaining the resources—largely financial—to tell our story most effectively. Without your support, we'll have to start cutting serious corners and the overall impact of our film will suffer. Please help us accomplish our goal! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter