Rt 87, Stuart Highway, travels from Adelaide to Darwin through "The Red Centre" of the Australian Outback. "from the road"- Australia will be the second in a series of photographic diaries which intends to capture the inherent beauty of one of the most captivating locations on Earth. What makes this book different from others is the unique perspective I bring to it. For most of the 2,000 mile journey, I'll be photographing the stunning landscapes of the Australian Outback as they unfold before me from the road. What that means is, I'll be driving along the Stuart Highway "The Red Centre" of Australia and see something beautiful, pull over, pull out the tripod, set up my camera and make that image from the road.That's how "from the road"- California came to be. Driving 60,000 miles over the past three years, stopping and making images along the way.(Please see the included video "from the road"- California)The plan will be to arrive in Sydney in August (Winter) of this year and travel west across the continent via transcontinental rail to Adelaide. Then drive north from there, on the Stuart Highway (Rt 87 "The Track") for 2,000 miles through "The Red Centre"of Australia to Darwin with stops at Coober Pedy, Alice Springs, Uluru (Ayer's Rock), Katherine and more, photographing along the way. A short flight from Darwin east will take me to the north eastern coast, north east Arnhem land. Winter (June-August) will provide opportunities of weather and clouds which should make for some wonderfully dramatic images.The timing of this trip coincides with the annual (4) day Aboriginal "Garma" event held at Gulkula in north east Arnhem land where I will be photographing the scenic coastline of the Gulf of Carpentaria.Once the event has closed a short flight will bring me back to Darwin and I will catch my flight home. (Total travel Approximately 22 days) Donors will be able to travel and experience with me through Facebook, an ongoing blog of the journey and sample images from each day.Cost breakdown ( total of $25,000): -Airfares, rail, ground transport, travel expenses, event ( meals, lodging, fuel, guide etc. on the road) and Kickstarter fees (8-10% of the total) represent about 40% of the total for $10,000. -The remaining $15,000 of funding will be necessary to produce the limited edition 11"x 17" full color photographic diaries and additional donor reward 13"x19" prints, including shipping and handling worldwide.This diary is a 11"x 17" (fold out to 11"x 34") full color, satin finish, lay-flat, handsomely bound with dust cover protection, hard cover book, with up to 40 pages. All images will include GPS coordinates, location description, maps and journal of my travels. All diaries are signed and numbered so early donors for the book will be closer to #1 and a donor list will be included in this printing.This experience should provide many stunning photographic opportunities of the rugged, unparalleled beauty of the Australian countryside. Risks and challenges Australia is one of the most beautiful, yet alien, of locations anywhere. It's called the "outback" for a reason and fraught with all kinds of adversity. Harsh terrain, flash floods, critters of all kinds and covering approximately 2,000 miles of open desert, are just a few of the challenges. Part of the cost is enlisting the right people and planning, to make this a safe, satisfying and artistically rewarding experience. Having traveled abroad and worked in many adverse locations during my years in the motion picture industry, I've acquired a set of skills that has taught me the need for preparation, caution and common sense. This is my "walkabout". (Aboriginal rite of passage) My plan is to make extraordinary images and return home safely! Thank you for your support - Vic Iorillo Learn about accountability on Kickstarter