VR Headset Why Should You Back This Project?1st - The sole purpose of the shop is to sell only virtual reality products it will be the one and only place to go to, for your VR needs.2nd- We are not business men/women trying to rip you off. We are dedicated VR/Computer fans who you can trust and have faith in, we are here for you not for the money, but to be able to offer the service we would have wanted as a customer.3rd - Currently there is no one place that concentrates only on virtual reality and with it being close to becoming a commercial everyday item, we need a shop like this.Above is just three reasons to why a business like this is needed. We want to be able to offer an amazing service to the VR community both current and future, but we need your help to do this, we understand that not everyone can donate £1 but we ask for people to share this project around to be able to help us reach our goals.If you can donate we offer great rewards to all our donators. If you can donate please share as much as possible. To anyone who donates or share we truly do thank you for it and everything you do. What the future holdsIn the future we would like to be able to open highstreet stores that can offer VR experiences if you are unsure about them or just want to experience it first hand for yoursel. If the funding exceeds our expectations than this could possibly be opened up alongside the online shop straight away. What you money is being used for?£1000 is being used to startup the website and getting it to a standard we believe is ready for the world to see£10,000 - Initial product stocking. We will be able to stock all the high-end VR devices as well as phone VR devices.£20,000 - Initial stocking of parts for custom VR ready computers£5000 - Company Hardware & Software such Computers & Order Tracking£4000 - Kickstarter Costs. Risks and challenges The main problem that could arise is a mass amount of customers that puts a strain onto the workforce. In this situation I would increase the numbers of employees until we have a healthy balance in which they are not being over worked. Additionally I will put all my time into having a high quality customer experience and support. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter