Thank you for taking the time to come this far. Honesty Rents by the Hour is a sharp new play coming out of Quebec by Michael Milech. The play takes place in a less-than-charming motel room. 3 characters arrive. The first is Chantal, an anxious mother looking to add some spice to her life. The second is Danny. He's 22, and he thinks he knows everything about the way the world works. Finally there's Pinchas, a man of 35 or so years, and of Orthodox Jewish faith. They've arrived at the motel for an anonymous threesome. Conflict and hilarity ensues. The play was a finalist in Infinitheatre's 2015 Write-On-Q! competition, and received a warm reception at a staged reading as a part of the aforementioned company's Pipeline series in December (see infinitheatre.com)."Honesty lives in a roach motel," says Danny, and I agree, so here's some honesty:The play will open Thursday June 2 at the (3rd floor studio at the) magnificent Rialto Theatre in Montreal. We've got a superb script, a stellar stage manager (Joy Ross-Jones), a tremendous technician (Trevor Shelest), and a dumb director who doesn't know what he's getting himself into (cough cough). Did that not instil confidence? He thinks he's alright. No, great. WE BELIEVE IN OURSELVES.Anyway, thanks to a generous donation to Giant Company, we've got a small budget to get us started. We are asking for a $750 kick to really get us going. We'd like to ensure that we can build striking, while minimal, visual elements to the show. Items of priority are a bed and Pinchas' costume. We'd like to pay the team for their time dedicated to rehearsals, and not just a cut of the box office (note to Matt: insert plug to get the lovely people to come to the show. Tell them Montreal is nice in the summer). We'd also like to publicize the show a bit in order to share with as many people as possible a great play.We will bring Honesty to life because we believe in challenging the status quo, that hard work and patience is a combination that never fails, and that honesty prevails. We just happen to make great theatre. Wanna be a part of it? Risks and challenges We've gotta build the set. No lollygagging here. While it will no doubt be minimal in assets, it must invoke maximal feelings. We've gotta get people to the show. It's only theatre if someone is watching. We'd like to reward the team for the hard work that is going into this project. And lastly, we've gotta put on a good show. This will happen. I guarantee it. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter