After my first solo, 2010 I'm building a helicopter tour/survey/photo service with help from you, the supporters and members of Kickstarter. I'm offering flights for you in a Robinson R44 helicopter, anywhere in Washington, Oregon, California, Idaho, Nevada, and Montana, for the amount of time that you've chosen to fund. I will come to an airport near you for your tour/photo flight. If you spring for the $600 reward, we can even take off and land from your own back yard, provided it is safe and legal to do so. This is a Robinson R44 helicopter. This kickstarter will do two things for me and one thrilling thing for you: First, it will show me what demand is out there for the helicopter services that I want to provide. Second, it will allow me to buy the equipment necessary to start the business to fill that demand. For you, the kickstarter, this project will allow me the capability to provide you with an exciting ride in a helicopter in an area of your choosing*. I've had the idea to start my own aviation business ever since I started flight training. After considering and planning a number of aviation business startups, I settled on this one as the best choice and came to Kickstarter for the best funding opportunities.*Flights will only be available in Washington, Oregon, California, Nevada, Idaho and Montana, where permitted by law. Risks and challenges The biggest challenge I will face and overcome after being funded is scheduling the flights in such a manner that makes the most economical and efficient use of the funds available after purchasing the helicopter to deliver on the rewards. My plan of action once funded is to find a suitable R44 helicopter, create the most time efficient and financially economical flight route on Google Maps, purchase said helicopter, insure the helicopter/operation, schedule the reward flight times and days along the route settled upon, and hit the ground running. I am confident that with my 14 years of experience in both the maintenance and flight operations sides of the aviation industry, along with being a commercially licensed helicopter and airplane pilot, I will be able to deliver the rewards of this kickstarter. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact me. I appreciate your time and consideration of my kickstarter. Best Wishes, Aaron Rutledge Learn about accountability on Kickstarter