Killing somebody is hard (so we've heard) and in THE TROUBLE WITH UNCLE MAX we intend to show how in life and death things don't always go according to plan. The effect that obstacles have on the people involved is what will make the film interesting and unique. Sonya and Joe have what they think is a simple scheme: kill her uncle and run off with his money. However, as the action plays out, ulterior motives come to light and each character must eventually choose whether to save themselves or stick to the plan. Drawing by Jonathan La Mantia With a blend of dark humor and deadly drama, THE TROUBLE WITH UNCLE MAX unfolds over the course of a single night. Having the entire film take place in a single location with minimal characters will allow us to keep the production costs low and invest in professional quality post production color correction and sound design. This expensive and very necessary step is what will then enable the film to compete in the biggest festivals around the world including Sundance, Cannes, Toronto and South by Southwest to name a few. We aren't just looking to make a film, we are looking to make a great film.THE FILM Drawing by Jonathan La Mantia THE TROUBLE WITH UNCLE MAX is an homage first and foremost to Alfred Hitchcock as it was a quote from him that inspired the film. During the film of TORN CURTAIN he mentioned how difficult and messy it was to actually kill somebody. It was a quote that stuck with Writer/Director Rufus Chaffee, who also grew up in Craftsbury, VT which was the location for the filming of Hitchcock's film THE TROUBLE WITH HARRY in the summer of1954. At their core, however, great films are about the characters and the relationships between them. It's the main protagonist Sonya and her controlling relationship with Joe and the other people in her life that really is the heart of the story. As she tells him: "Nothing in life is untraceable, there's always remnants". Everything that happens to us leaves a mark and creates the person we are and that is what the film is truly about. THE CREATIVE TEAMWriter/Director Rufus Chaffee - With two feature films, 20 feature screenplays and 3 kids under his belt, Rufus has the experience needed to helm THE TROUBLE WITH UNCLE MAX. His most recent film THE MUSE was released in November and won Best Picture, Director and Actor at the Indie Gathering Film Festival as well as a Special Recognition Award at The Boston International Film Festival. Beyond Hitchcock, he cites The Coen Brothers, David Fincher, Michael Mann and Quentin Tarrantino as his biggest influences. A screenplay he penned entitled LAZARUS RISING is also slated for a 2015 release. Cinematographer Doug Gordon - Serving as Cinematographer on THE MUSE and LAZARUS RISING, Doug as worked on feature films, documentaries in countries such as Uganda, China and India, and commercial videos. With a vast internal film database to draw from, he brings a unique eye and viewpoint to any production. Doug splits his time between working at Rule Broadcast providing film equipment to local filmmakers and teaching film production at Boston University. Arianna Danae as "Sonya" - With years of training in Boston as well as with the prestigious Professional Scene Study program at Barrow Group in New York, Arianna has commercial work for Microsoft, Hannaford, KY Jelly and Fidelity Investments on her resume. Her independent film credits include iDEAL WIFE, SUPPLY & DEMAND, PIE, and BOY & GIRL. With an ability to relate to Sonya's struggle for identity and independence, Arianna immediately connected with the material and is excited to bring her to life. Beyond acting, she is an accomplished mechanic and fixes cars on the weekends. Mike Pfaff as "Joe" - Mike is a working actor based in Los Angeles. With roles in 2 BROKE GIRLS, SONS OF ANARCHY and THE LIBRARIANS, in addition to lead roles in action features, Mike brings a level of experience, professionalism and physicality to every project he's involved with. He is also an experienced stuntman and coordinator which will prove invaluable during a critical sequence in this project. TBD as "Uncle Max" - with a successful campaign, we will be going after a recognizable name to play the role of Uncle Max. Having that name recognition in a critical role will give us better recognition as well as increase chances that we will get into the major festivals.YOUR CONTRIBUTIONSIn order to make THE TROUBLE WITH UNCLE MAX on par with the best short films out there it takes the resources that only money can bring. A portion of the budget is already in place and some of the camera and gear can be gotten at a discount, but we need more. Renting equipment even at a discount is expensive, paying professional quality crew, feeding a 15-20 person cast and crew for 4 days, renting the location, and insurance are just some of the expenses during production and they add up fast. We would also like to get a name actor to play Uncle Max which means paying a salary and travel for that actor. This is why if we reach our goal, going beyond it will only increase our ability to get a bigger and better actor for the part. Drawing by Jonathan La Mantia Once wrapped, post production begins and this is what sets a good film apart from a great one. The importance of color correction and sound design can not be stressed enough and the professionals in this area have no shortage of work. That means they also aren't cheap. Yes you can get the friend of a friend, and if our goal was to simply get the film done that could work but that's not the goal. We want to compete with the best of the best and in order to do that this is the one area where we won't be able to cut corners, nor do we want to. The amount of money we raise directly affects the quality of the work we can do in post production as well as the time we have to do it. The target we've set is the minimum we could afford to spend and still get quality work done. Exceeding the goal gives us the most valuable resource there is: time. Lastly, any excess can also be put towards festival fees. Every festival has an entry fee and those add up quickly. Travel to festivals around the world often requires airfare and accommodations. We are not asking for these funds but should we be lucky enough to have anything extra we can assure you they will find a home that benefits the project. Drawing by Jonathan La Mantia THE REWARDS Poster by Jonathan La Mantia $5 OR MORE - DIP THE TIPGet involved a little, you know just to see how feels, and get your name listed under "Special Thanks" in the end credits as well as a "Thank You" over Social Media. You also may want to get tested, just saying'.$25 OR MORE - KNEE DEEPDig a little deeper and get the Special Thanks in credits and social media as well as a free digital download or DVD of the completed film. Great for breaking the ice at parties and impressing friends.$100 OR MORE - WAIST DEEP AND SINKING FASTDrop a c-note and you'll get the Special Thanks, free digital download and then just cause you know Benjamin Franklin we'll send you a one of a kind limited edition signed hard copy of original concept art from artist Jonathan La Mantia. His artwork is featured as the main artwork on the page and we'll have a new poster coming soon! You'll love it as much as we do and it is guaranteed to improve property values by ten percent!**this is just an outright lie, it doesn't improve property values but it is very cool.$500 OR MORE - GUT WRENCHERYou've got that need in your gut, you just had to help on a higher level. Congrats, you either have gas or you went above and beyond. As a result you'll get the Special Thanks, free digital download, signed original cover art AND a signed copy of the original screenplay by the Director and cast. Their penmanship may be questionable but their talent is not and now you can read along as you watch!$1000 OR MORE - UP TO YOUR KNECK IN AWESOMEThe bad news is that you need a chiropractor, the good news is that you're officially "awesome". Besides the plaque you'll be getting yourself, you'll get the Special Thanks, digital download, signed cover art, signed screenplay and get to take part in a Skype Q&A with the Director after viewing the film to ask anything about the 'making of' or his personal life. During the end credits you'll be listed as "Associate Producer" and be invited to attend a private cast and crew screening of the film (travel and accommodations not provided). Pretty awesome - like you (it's official now)!$5000 OR MORE - GOING ALL THE WAYWe totally sweet talked you so to go with a whole lotta regret you're getting the Special Thanks, digital download, signed cover art, signed screenplay, Skype Q&A, attend cast and crew screening AND you can select a photo or object of your choice to be featured in the film. You'll be credited as an Executive Produced and be invited to attend any festival we are accepted into where you'll walk the red carpet and go out for an adult beverage with the creative team (travel and accommodations not included). We might also call you at 5am crying about how nobody loves us and you definitely want to get tested now. It's win-win really. artwork by Jonathan La Mantia Risks and challenges Every film is a risk and you simply can't plan for every potential scenario, but there is no substitute for experience and drive. The professionals on this team have not only gone through the trials and tribulations of making a film but they have gone through them together. That allows us to anticipate risk and minimize it. Failure is simply not an option, when a obstacle presents itself we will adapt and focus on the solution as opposed to the problem. By taking the time in pre-production to carefully construct a shot list, scout the location and rehearse the scene we prevent costly delays through efficiency. Having shot multiple films, we know what we need and what we don't need so we avoid unnecessary expense. We only rent the equipment we know we'll need and correct amount of crew. We turn a wordy 21 page script that requires an extra day of filming and more post work into a tight 17 pages that actually appears as written. We communicate with each other so everybody is on the same page and time is spent on execution instead of explanation. In post production we come in with a point of view and a plan so we utilize every expensive second and we hire the right people for the job who will get it right the first time. We have the know how and the resources, the rest is up to all of you! Thank you for your consideration and we look forward to bringing the finished product to life. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter