MEGA-UPDATE: Over 100% — It's gonna happen, folks! Now's your chance to get into the beta!UPDATE: We made a video to give you a basic idea of the gameplay. Here it is, showing some fights, a mini-game, and various other elements of the RPG play: ALSO: Here's a link to the Kickstarter-exclusive T-shirt design, and links to info on game features like Milestones & Zombies, Items, Player and Monster Skills, Gentleman Clack, Gramlins, and Subjunctors. And now, back to our regularly scheduled project description...Do you sometimes dream that you had enough tiles in Scrabble to spell "callipygian"? Or that playing an awesome word in Words With Friends would cause lightning to arc out of your fingers while you laugh maniacally?Well, you may be a bit mentally disturbed, but you'd also probably love our new game, Word Realms. We've been developing it slowly over the past few years, and it's close to completion. And now we'd like you to get involved! If you've heard of us before, it's probably because of our awesome (yet humble) web-based roleplaying game called Kingdom of Loathing. We've been adding content to KoL nigh-constantly for nine years, and while we don't have any intention of stopping, we also want to make something new. Since we seem to be decent at writing things that are funny, we figured that a word game would be a great project. We decided to make a massively multiplayer online RPG where you'd fight by making words out of letter tiles (like a fisticuffs Scrabble, without a board). First, though, we thought we should make a single-player version of Word Realms to ensure that it was fun and worth doing. What was imagined as a six-month task has turned into a four-year project — partly because we could only work on it half- or quarter-time (KoL soaks up a lot of our creative juices), and partly because the scope just kept creeping up and up.We added one word-based mini-game, and then another, and then another, and now we have... eight? We crafted puzzles, included cutscenes, hid some Easter eggs, and commissioned an ever-increasing amount of awesome music (by Gaby Alter, who is also known as Gminor7 from MC Frontalot's band). We expanded the storyline, added multiple endings, and made an "endless" mode where you fight ever-tougher opponents and get cool randomly-generated loot. The time has come to wrap it up, and get started on the real goal — making an MMO. And this is where you come in! If we're going to commit to making a Word Realms MMO, we need to know that people are as psyched about the idea as we are. Show your support by pledging at least $11, and you'll be able to download the single-player Word Realms game before it goes on sale to the riff-raff known as the "general public". Or, if you want to leave a personal mark on Word Realms, you can back us at a higher level, and get some cool shwag in the process!If we reach our funding goal, we'll know that a bunch of real people with real wallets believe in us enough to move forward. If we surpass our funding goal, we can hire more artists and programmers, and make the MMO a reality even faster. Every $50,000 could be one new person's salary for a year!Stretch GoalsIf we reach 200% funding, we will add some awesome Easter eggs to the game. I don't want to spoil too much, but maybe these mock-ups will give you an idea of what we're thinking: If we get all the way up to 400% funding, we'll commit to hiring someone to port the game to iPad, and maybe other tablets as well. If we get that far, and you have an iPad, we'll try to figure out how to get you a copy if you support the Kickstarter.NUTSAQ:1. What is a NUTSAQ?Since no one has asked anything yet, we don't have a FAQ. Thus, these are Nominal Utility Tidbits Staged As Questions.2. How will the game be distributed?Word Realms will be delivered digitally, DRM-free. It'd be swell if you didn't pirate it, because that'd be a kick right in the NUTSAQ. It should be playable on PC, Mac, and probably Linux unless you've got some crazy distro whose interface is a pocketwatch or something.3. Just how many jokes are you writing for this thing, anyways?Oh, I almost forgot to mention one of the coolest things about the game! In addition to all the story and standard descriptive stuff, we've written tons of humorous "taunts" that players and NPCs say during fights based on the words that are used to attack. One of our goals is to write something amusing for most common English words! We already have several thousand done, and more will be written by October.4. Will the game be voiced?Unlike our video, the game will not be voiced. Which is good, because we are terrible voice actors. Also, those animated mouths are kinda creepy.5. Can I hear some of this so-called awesome music?Sure! A little bit is playing in the background of our video, and here's a sample of the main theme.6. Hey! Why haven't you backed any other Kickstarter projects? Have you no love?We just made this new Asymmetric account to launch Word Realms, but the developers have individual accounts, and have backed a bunch of projects (looks like around 30 different ones so far). Plus we pledge to "Kick It Forward" in the future.