I have taken photos for over four decades. What started as a fascination as a child grew to a hobby as a teen (learning to develop my own film while in high school) then to a commitment during adulthood, then to a job (becoming an award-winning news photographer) and now it has evolved into a passion in my aging years. I have a different eye and a perspective through my viewfinder that usually results in an interesting finished product. With the onset of the digital revolution, I have discovered that cellular devices have evolved and include cameras that are ... more than adequate. My cell phones have become back-up cameras that sometimes even perform even better than my expensive digital camera. This was a surprisingly pleasant discovery.My goal is to attain funding to feed my need to capture images from The Right Side of Texas with a new cell phone camera. Those photos can then be shared in limited run photo books. I will also look into creating a website for some of the photos to share them online. For now, however, I would just like the ability to capture a special collection of cell phone snapshots to share with those who will fund the project.You can find some of my photos here:http://www.fedorafotos.com/Spirituality/Right-Place-Right-Time/31063362_ZcDwcf#!i=2730649647&k=3chKdsf&lb=1&s=A Risks and challenges There are so many risks with photographing moments in time. Capturing the right angle, with the right lighting, with the right subject in the right focus at precisely the right instant to maximize the moment. you must have the patience of Job and, sometimes, the reflexes of Bruce Lee to get just the right shot. And you must have the right vision to make all the variables come together at the instant you push that shutter release button. For a project like this you must also know the right instant to present your idea to potential backers. Is this the right time for you to invest in the art as I imagine it? I truly hope so. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter