Valleytown in the Quiet Hours, a series of twenty photographs in black-and-white and color, is a portrait of the small mountain town of Andrews, North Carolina at night.All work is by local photographers and artists Griffin Anderson and Jenny Moyer at the Blue Denim Photography studio on Main St, Andrews. Andrews, a small town in the mountains of western North Carolina, population approximately 1800, is where we call home. This is wonderful country in the heart of the Appalachian Mountains: the air is clean, the water is cold and pure, and the people are good, honest, and hardworking.People come from all over to enjoy the sights and mountain vistas, the rafting, hiking, and camping, the scenic roads popular for motorcycling and classic cars, the autumn leaves, and of course the nearby Nantahala National Forest and Great Smoky Mountains National Park. You've seen those photos, heard those tales, and may have experienced it all yourself.We're not here to show you that story, though.Andrews is a small, tight-knit community tucked away in a valley in the mountains, and in its way, Andrews is everytown USA. The community lives, works, loves, worships, enjoys time with family and friends, goes to school, rallies around the high school football team, grows up, moves away, comes back. And we dream our dreams. This photographic exhibition showcases Andrews, the Valleytown, in the quiet and solitude of night. In the still, dark, and silent places, while the town sleeps and prepares for the new day, new challenges, and new triumphs, Valleytown in the Quiet Hours is the perfect portrait of the place we call home.Our working project gallery, including a full line-up of our images, can be found at: bluedenimphoto.com/valleytownThis project, by Blue Denim Photography, is to fund the printing and presentation of these images in a public gallery night and reception for the community. We have a collection of images that we are currently editing and preparing, and also are continuing to shoot over the next month.In mid-September, we will hold an open house gallery night and reception for the town of Andrews at our studio in the historic Bradley Inn on Main St to present this project. Refreshments will be served and we expect this to be a busy and fun night.Our budget is: Printing costs: $203; Food, Refreshments, and Exhibition Prep: $150; Fees, Miscellaneous, Rewards: $147.Our fundraising goal is: $500 Our rewards are prints from the series, which are also the finished products of this Kickstarter project and will be available to the public to purchase at the show. All prints are photochemistry prints, not inkjets, and are printed on lustre finish Kodak Endura Professional Photo Paper with a Kodak Noritsu printer. The aspect ratio of the images are 2:3, and prints include a white border for professional appearance. The Special, Limited Edition book is press-printed on 100# gloss paper and leather bound with a personalized title page of appreciation.All images and video © 2014 Blue Denim Photography. For more information on Blue Denim Photography, please see our website at bluedenimphoto.com and our Facebook page at facebook.com/bluedenimphoto.Thanks! Griff & Jenny Risks and challenges All of the risks and challenges are behind us. We're working on final shooting and final editing now. We're regular clients with our print lab, and the printing phase will be a painless step. Our exhibition space is secured at our studio's location. Once the funding is successful, we'll move forward with the last step: producing rewards and opening the exhibition! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter