Please note that we're located in New Zealand and Kickstarter prevents us from using US currency. The "$" symbol is the same but the price in US dollars is lower! (For example the shipping is $15 New Zealand, but you will pay $ 10 USD) You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Want to keep your information super secure and private? Tired of creating, remembering, changing and typing those lengthy passwords? The solution is only an iTouch ID away! iTouch ID - Black - MacBook Air Short description of the device and its capabilities The fingerprint scanner that fits your lifestyle Log on With a simple touch and you’ll be able to access your accounts. No more complicated passwords or worrying about prying eyes looking over your shoulder Smallest fingerprint USB scanner in the world Compatible with PC and Mac platforms and Android* (Stretch goals) Made with laser-cut Sapphire glass Aircraft Grade Aluminum construction with hard-anodized finish Capacitive Fingerprint Sensor with 500 pixels per inch resolution Hi-Security AES-256 encrypted with a unique identifier per device for two levels of authentication You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 It helps you secure your privacy and you'll be the only one holding the key. Plus you can use it on the go, and it can stay plugged in forever! iTouch ID - Silver - Sony How standard passwords are bad and counterproductivePretty much everyone has at least one online account - from the basic email to social networks, forums, cloud storage, bank accounts and many others. Experts recommend that in order to secure them, you create a unique password - that's at least a 12-character combination with letters, numbers and symbols. Now try that with all your accounts! It's a total headache to remember one or two, let alone a dozen or more. Even if you lock them all under one password, it would be a weak level of security at best. But there’s another way. iTouch ID - Gold - MacBook Air About fingerprint scanning technology, and why ours is superiorEvery person is the world has a different fingerprint. So you already own a unique key, and we provide a fitting lock. To break it down: When you use iTouch ID for the first time it captures an image of your fingerprint and stores only the analysis data of the print, not the actual image. When you use it again, to access your accounts, it compares parameters of your fingerprint with the template and if they match, your in. No hacker in the world can get access to your fingerprint - because the image is not stored! iTouch ID - 3D model iTouch ID is capable of being the front-line of defense for your laptop’s operating system, acting as a main password alternative. It also can manage multiple passwords to your accounts and automatically log you into your favorite social networks, messaging clients and any other programs or websites. It even can lock and unlock files and folders on your computer. Just create a setting and iTouch ID will do the rest. Virtually every instance where a password is used, can now be resolved with iTouch ID. iTouch ID - iMac It's super safe, tiny, easy to use and more ... Secure iTouch ID protects your laptop, computer, tablet (with Windows) from any unauthorized users behind the solid wall of hardware scanners and reliable software. So you can be sure that your private information stays private. iTouch ID - Black - Sony Small iTouch ID is quite simply the smallest fingerprint scanner in the world! The majority of other security devices are the size of a computer mouse and need cables to operate. They are too big and take too much work to set-up every time you want to use them. Having a laptop means that you are a mobile person .. it's time to stay that way. The design of iTouch ID was designed specifically to fit the needs of laptop owners. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Easy to use Initial set-up only needs to be done once, after that - one touch is all it takes. It is also compatible with both Mac OS X and Windows laptops, computers, tablets with Windows and Android* (Stretch goals)! Fast When you put your finger against the glass of the iTouch ID, it automatically detects it, scans it, analyzes and registers the result in under a second! This is even faster than typing in the password. iTouch ID - In The Colors Strong It may look small, but the body of the iTouch ID is made out of the single solid piece of aircraft grade aluminum with a hard-anodized finish and laser-cut sapphire glass. It resists scratches, impacts and is completely waterproof. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 iTouch ID - Silver - MacBook Air iTouch ID - Black - MacBook Air Hardware Manufacturer: iTouch ID, Ltd. Model: DO-I Fingerprint Sensor: ID FPS360, capacitive touch to detect the user's fingerprint 500 pixels per inch resolution, 256 x 300 pixel array Once plugged into a USB port, the iTouch ID measures only 0.72 inches (18.2 mm width) by 0.42 inches (10.6 mm length) by 0.24 inches (6 mm height) Laser-cut sapphire crystal glass Aircraft Grade Aluminum - hard-anodized finish Power Supply: 5V via USB Environmental Conditions Operating temperature: 0'C to 50'C (32'F to 122'F) Storage temperature: -40'C to 80'C (-40'F to 176'F) Humidity 10-90% iTouch ID Features USB 2.0 Tamper evident housing Water Resistant System Requirements PC with 1200 MHz or higher processor clock speed recommended 512MB of RAM (1GB recommended) 100MB of available hard disk space Super VGA (800x600) or higher-resolution video adapter and monitor USB 2.0 backward compatible for USB 1.1 OS Windows or Mac OS X and Android* (Stretch goals) Software iTouch ID FPS360 Personal Identity Device USB Biometric Fingerprint scanner iTouch ID combines strong authentication, logical access into one convenient portable device Benefits Integrates seamlessly with the iTouch ID suite of enterprise software for an end-to-end identity management solution Provides portable biometric authentication for use by individual and enterprise via standard USB connectivity Stores biometric data securely Secures documents and other personal information such as financial and medical records. eWallet by iTouch ID allows users to maintain form information for a website, reducing the need to remember passwords or enter credit card details manually. Features and Functionality Biometric Fingerprint data are encrypted and stored Secure password storage Native USB implementation to immediately enable the device Unique identifier per device for two level authentications AES encryption Integrates seamlessly with the iTouch ID suite of enterprise software for an end-to-end identity management solution Industry Applications Financial Services Multi-factor authentication Reduce identity fraud Secure internet banking Secure transactions One device for multiple accounts & applications Reduce costs associated with passwords Public Sector Cost effective deployment Protect access to sensitive information Secure storage of health and other public records Increase network security Follow us on Risks and challenges Risks There are always risks that can delay the process before iTouch ID gets into your hands. We thought it might be a good idea to share them so you know what we are dealing with. Component supply: iTouch ID, or any product for that matter, contains a significant amount of components. These components come from different suppliers which have different lead times for their components. If one of these suppliers has a short supply or a long lead-time, this will delay the entire production if a substitute is not found for that component. Enhancements in production: When in production there are a couple of parameters that can be improved during the process such as the color, click feeling, translucence, IP class etc. Making such enhancements during the process will improve your experience with iTouch ID. We will do everything we can to ensure that iTouch ID ships with superior quality. Shipping and customs: When we start shipping there's always a risk of the product getting stuck in customs, either when we are receiving the products from the factory or shipping them to you. We have prepared to the best of our abilities to avoid any foreseeable delays. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter