The MYB YOGABOARD is an innovative product for practicing YOGA.The wooden construction has been designed with a curved balance effect, which re-invents practicing Yoga. MYB YOGABOARD Details The MYB Yogaboard is a body-sized wooden board. Our engineers created a innovative robust hollow construction that looks amazing and is easy to handle. As a result, it only weighs 11kg, which makes every transportation very simple. Whoever sees the beautiful board for the first time in „real“ wants to take it back home immediately. With the MYB YOGABOARD we will offer an optimum quality product with a sustained price policy. The patent application is co-financed by the german Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy. FEATURED ON: It strengthens your sense of balance and greatly stimulates body control. Practicing Yoga on the MYB YOGABOARD makes your Yoga Practice more intensive supports your balance strengthens your core speeds up your muscle building focusses the concentration on the substantial stimulates your fitness boosts your vitality Advanced Yogis to beginners agree that they benefit from practicing on the Yogaboard. When you are starting yoga, your flexibility isn’t quite there, so moves like Trikonasana or Ardha Chandrasan for example are more effective on the Yogaboard. Balance your life. TEAM & PARTNERSOur global network is based on close co-operation with strategic regional partners. We are working with German engineers (Würzburg) as well as carpenters in Cape Town (South Africa) and Seattle (USA). PARTNERSHIP & FRIENDSHIP Thank you for your support and for reading this far down the page! :D Dominic GERMAN VERSION:Was ist das MYB YOGABOARD?Das MYB Yogaboard ist DIE Innovation in YOGA.Durch die kurvige Unterseite des Boards entsteht ein Balanceeffekt, der dein YOGA neu erfindet. Das Balancieren stärkt deine Sinne für Gleichgewicht und bringt deine Körperkontrolle auf ein neues Level. Die Intensivierung der Yogaübungen stärkt deinen Core und trainiert deinen Körper noch effektiver. Je nach Untergrund und Stärke der Unterlage (verschiedene Matten) wirkt der Balanceeffekt stärker oder schwächer und ist somit ideal für alle Yogabegeisterte, egal ob Anfänger oder Profi. Details zum MYB YOGABOARD Das MYB Yogaboard ist ein körpergroßes (1,80 m) aus Holz gebautes Board. Die Kombination aus verschiednen Hölzern und einer Hohlraumkonstruktion lassen das MYB YOGABORD nicht nur Klasse ausschauen sondern auch EASY handhaben. Mit 11 kg ist das Board leicht zu transportieren und macht sich auch in der Wandhalterung im Wohnzimmer klasse. Wer das Board „in Echt“ sieht und anfasst möchte es am liebsten direkt mit nach Hause nehmen.Die Maße sind 180 cm x 45 cm x 7 cm (Mitte)Die verwendeten Materialien sind Holz und umweltfreundlicher Holzleim -That's it! Thank you for your support and for reading this far down the page! :DDominic Risks and challenges As with any new projects, there are some risks associated with manufacturing or supply chain logistics. We are only working with experienced and reliable manufacturing partners and feel confident in the work they will produce for our backers. We understand challenges that come with our product and are familiar with how to avoid possible issues that arise. Launching this Kickstarter is a very public act, and we put our reputations and our partners reputations at risk. While our current schedule does give us flexibility, our biggest risk is meeting our timeline. We may find hidden bugs or have unexpected issues sourcing components. For this reason for, we choose our partners very conscientiously and presence most transparent. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter