"The Atmosphere, The Fan's, The Gilet; That's what football is about" - Tim SherwoodThe Why?Whilst it is undeniable that football is a beautiful game played throughout the world, many people don't see what happens behind the scenes. With the European Championships being hosted in France next year, we feel it is a great opportunity to share with the world, what the game of football looks like behind the scenes, on one of the biggest stages in the world. The How?We plan on photographing various places other than the pitch including the stadiums, team hotels, fan parks and other architecture in the beautiful cities playing host to Euro 2016. We will travel to every city that is hosting matches, allowing us to capture a variety of different settings to add to out collection. Too keep this project as cheap as possible we will be staying in hostels across France and finding the lowest costing methods of transportation. Warsaw - Nikolai Izak, 2012 What the funds will go towards.The funds donated will go towards a number of things that will help to make this photobook the highest quality it can be, with items including: Plane Tickets (Cheapest possible). Hostel Accommodation (Again, cheapest we can find). 3x Nikon D7000 Digital SLR Camera's - An upgrade from what we have at the moment. 2 high quality tripods. Food and Water for our stay. A portion of the funds will also go towards producing our end product, The book wilth all of our photographs taken during the competition, sent out to early investors as a reward and a token of gratitude from us.Anything Else?As well as being photographers, we are also a group of big football fans, we hope you will see not only the passion of other fans, but the passion of us, through our photographs. This is a dream we have that we hope we can fulfil through the help of you! Stay Classy Kickstarters! Risks and challenges One can never predict exactly what problems may lie ahead but we are confident that we have the abilities to conquer whatever challenges we have to face. The main issue we may face is getting the book produced and shipped on time. This can be a time consuming process when meeting with editors etc. All backers will be constantly updated on the progress of the book via regular updates but we have no doubt that it will be shipped by the deadline. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter