What is the film about? A Man, Sinking is the story of Matthew, a recently released ex-convict. He turns to diving as a means to support himself and is the perfect candidate.He's hardened, expendable and he needs this job. But down there, in the infinite expanse of darkness, his past waits for him. Each dive brings us closer to the truth. Matthew must reconcile with his past and accept his fate, whatever it may be.Who is making it? We have a core crew of students from the University of York’s Department of Theatre, Film & Television making the film. We have all worked on a variety of short film projects over the last few years and now we are all coming together to make a larger, more ambitious film. Daniel Murphy - Director Shane Sweeney - Writer Sean Hayes - Producer Jonny Hughes - Director of Photography Mohsin Ahmad – Editor Megan Geddis – Line Producer & 1st Assistant Director Jessica Stockton – Camera Assistant & Colour Grader Nicholas Pritchard – Sound Recordist & Dubbing Mixer In addition to the core crew, we have a lot of other people involved in making the film, including composers Levi Bond & Al Ross who are creating the film's original score. When is it being made? A Man, Sinking will be shooting from January 31st until February 10th 2014. We are currently in pre-production, locking down all of the locations, casting the film and creating the storyboards. There will be a three-month post-production process making use of the professional standard facilities available to us in the Department of Theatre, Film & Television, with the film being finished in May 2014.Where is it being shot? Staithes, North Yorkshire Our shoot will be taking place in North Yorkshire. The primary location for exterior scenes is the beautiful seaside village of Staithes, and additional shooting will take place in and around our base at the University of York. Yorkshire is a picturesque part of the country that offers us fantastic potential for what should result in a visually stunning short film. How will the money be used? We are in a great position to make this film, with a lot of equipment and facilities available to us free of charge from our department. This includes camera and lighting equipment and post-production facilities, which would usually add a huge amount to the budget. In addition to this, we are all personally contributing money to the film’s budget. But we still need a lot of help from all of you to be able to make this film the way it should be made. The money you put into A Man, Sinking will be used to cover a range of costs, from the more standard production costs such as travel expenses and catering, to costs more specific to this film. This includes the hire of diving kit and a diving pool for underwater filming, and also the equipment needed to effectively utilise wet-for-dry shooting. Ultimately the money you support us with will allow this film to reach its full potential.What are the plans for the final film?Though the film is the final project for our degree, that's not where our ambitions for A Man, Sinking end. Over the recent years the university has had fantastic success at film festivals, and this is something that we are confident our film will be part of, once completed. To get there and stand a fighting chance of competing at the highest level, we're going to need your support. Any contribution you provide will be greatly appreciated by all of us behind the team. We feel we've offered a great range of perks as a small token of thanks for your donations, and we hope you'll enjoy supporting us along the way to completing our film.Contact UsIf you have any questions about A Man, Sinking or would like to talk to the crew about anything, you can contact us through this page, or you can find us on Facebook and Twitter at:facebook.com/AManSinkingtwitter.com/AManSinking Risks and challenges This is an ambitious project and we are aware of the challenges that come along with it. Most obviously, there are a lot of difficulties posed by underwater shooting. We are minimising the amount of actual underwater shooting required by using wet-for-dry shooting. This makes use of lighting; smoke machines, mirrors and projectors to simulate underwater shooting in a dry environment. It is a technique that has been frequently used in blockbuster films such as The Hunt for Red October and The Lord of the Rings trilogy. We are currently running camera tests for this technique, and are confident that we will be able to use it very effectively to create the film's stylised underwater world. We all understood the challenges posed by the project when we decided to work on it, and have put a lot of work into making sure we can overcome any difficulties in order to bring this incredible story to the screen. We are determined to make this film to the highest possible standard and bring you something captivating and unique that you can be proud of supporting. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter