When Miriam returns home to her mother after two years away, a warm welcome soon leads to tension as old secrets come to light and old wounds are torn open. A fresh reimagining of the tragic Greek classic Elektra, exploring revenge obsession and the caustic nature of grief.Ashes is a short film with a running time of 15 minutes, starring Rachel Godbe and JaneAnne Wilder.Ashes Revenge! It’s something we all understand. Something I really wanted to explore. I wanted to dust off the clichés and dig a bit deeper into some of the ideas around the revenge motif. Everybody talks about revenge either in terms of ethics (where it’s pretty much universally wrong) or in terms of honor (where it’s almost obligatory). The questions I wanted to ask were about the emotional need for revenge, and its consequences. Using a two millennia old Greek tale as a jumping off point seemed like a perfect way to do that.Working with a revered classic comes with the advantage of strong, well tested drama, but also a fair amount of baggage. Foreign and familiar, powerful yet archaic. At the heart of Euripides’ Electra, I saw a confrontation between two strong women, neither backing down, colliding, and I took that and ran with it. While the old tale involves several characters, I boiled it down to that essential confrontation, just the two of them. Condensing the story in this fashion allowed me lift the tale from a specific time and place, to give it a bit more relevance and momentum. This also allowed me to focus on the personal ramifications of revenge. Mother and DaughterThey both drown in their revenge compulsion. We all know plenty about revenge. It is archetypal, deep in our experience, deep in literature. Revenge absolutely has a strong presence in my own chosen art form, the motion picture, but it has, to me, nearly always felt incorrect. Off. Revenge films mostly focus on notions of revenge as power and control. They make it something titillating, a sort of emotional porn, when at it’s root, revenge feels more about pain and powerlessness, and a desperate need for the other person to understand what you feel. Revenge, ultimately, is a self-destructive act, and that premise lies at the core of Ashes. Where is Ashes now? My fellow writer and producer John Alfieri and I finally decided to dispense with wishing and talking and just get going, and we have done just that. Making Ashes has been fantastic! I have been humbled and awed to see how once we chose to start this project, others have matched step with us. I was willing to go out and shoot this movie with my mobile phone and sock puppets if necessary, but with every step forward, I found more encouragement, more support, and contributions from people around me who share my passion. I've been fanning this tiny spark for a while, and once I started sharing it with like-minded friends, old and new, it started to catch flame. Now we are here to roll the dice and explore how far that sharing can go.Ashes Has Been ShotYes: this film is done. Complete. Ready to go. It was such a joy to make this Ashes! Such an amazing cast: Rachel Godbe brought down the house as Miriam, and JaneAnne Wilder’s performance still gives me chills. Our crew was truly amazing, bringing 110% every day, full of energy and enthusiasm. And of course, Joseph Seuferling and his amazing eye: where would I be without him? And what a treat to work on a RED Epic Dragon! This film is beautiful! Why should you fund us? I am here not to ask for funds to make Ashes, but to help us get it out into the world. Even if the subject matter is a bit grim, and it surely is, this experience is still an amazing pleasure. Join our adventure for the fun of it! For the shared passion! Join us if your insanity happens to match ours. Or perhaps if you’re just curious to see where this goes. Have a look at the trailer, see if it speaks to you at all. If it moves you, throw in a few bucks. If not, hey, thanks for looking. And again: this film is done, it's made: this is a safe bet. It's not a question of if we will make this film, it's a question of what happens next!So here’s the plan. I’m asking for a tiny amount of money, just enough to get out to a few film festivals. For a short film, festival submission fees run $35-50, so this is really a modest goal, more about building momentum. I want to be realistic. My team and I are still building our community and I don’t want to overreach. Making this film and getting it out into the world is how I build my portfolio, build trust, build community. This film, this campaign, is all a part of that outreach. I want to build an artistic relationship, and this film is me introducing myself. Hello! Alta-who?!? Altamira Underground is a small band of passionate lovers of film as an artistic medium who have decided that it was time to put word to deed and create something. A love of movies, storytelling and investigating the human condition are ideas that unite us. Still curious? Come have a peek at who we are and what we are about over at www.alta-under.com Thank you for believing. Risks and challenges Once funded, we will apply to such film festivals as seem best suited to our project. Naturally, there are no guarantees that we will be picked up, or once picked up there are no guarantees that we will be well received. That's all part of the experience, and any way the dice fall we are all sure to learn a lot. But rest assured: the rewards put forth on this Kickstarter campaign are based on what I can make happen today, right now, with what I have on hand. Maybe we will do well with the film festivals, maybe we won't, but your help will give us a shot at the title, and for that we are offering a few select rewards. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter