What's America's Most Impressive Structures? America's Most Impressive Structures is a project focused on Gaining Aerial Photos of All the Historical Structures and Landmarks Across the United States. Aerialography will cross the United States One State at a time gaining the most impressive views of Our Nations Buildings,Landmarks and National Parks By Photo and High Definition Video.Religious SupportChurches and Cathedrals have been built impressively over last few Centuries and These types of Structures will be amongst the list of Structures to Be Photographed. I will then provide these Churches and Cathedrals Framed Aerial Portraits of their Structures to display in their Cathedrals to be able to Share to generations to come. Local Government SupportMany of our states have spent Millions on their Government Structures such as City Halls, Police Departments, Fire Departments and even Libraries however Aerial Photos have never been taken of Appx. 70% of these structures. Anyone can take a simple Photo but Aerial Photography is a very Specialized field that requires deep pockets and an Artistic View to Obtain these Breathtaking Images. Here At Aerialography we are making it our Commitment to travel the entire U.S. Obtaining the Aerial Photos of our most beautiful Structures and sharing these with Our nation in various manners. From Aerial Photos of Bridges across America these images will be shared on Calendars and within City offices for Years to come.With your support I can focus less on working for profit and more on the artistic side of aerial photography of structures that has never been captured before. The funding support will assist keeping Operations focused strictly on on capturing our nations imprint. Who Are We?Shane is a Professional Aerial Photographer that left his career in 2014 as a Wireless Engineer to pursue his passion of Aerial Photography. He has Served our Country six years in the US Army as A Helicopter Crew Chief and upon leaving the Military in 2010 he began building LTE Networks for AT&T, Verizon & Sprint Across the U.S. He also Built the Stock Market Repeater System from New York to Washington D.C. Spending the time Installing equipment on top of Cellular towers 300 feet above the ground is where he began his passion of Seeing All part of the nation from this Angle. In 2012 he originally Founded Aerialography with Operations Completely Kicking off in 2014. Risks and challenges The Risk Aerialography is always facing is Drone Damage. Consistent Training and Operations of our Drones keep our Pilots very Agile with their Drones and Therefore Reducing our Crash rates SIgnificantly. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter