Over 450% funded! Thank you to all our supporters and backers!! We’re overwhelmed by the support and encouragement you’ve sent our way! A HUGE THANKS for all our backers for making this idea a reality. We won’t let you down.For those of you who missed the campaign, you can still sign up for our newsletter here, so you can stay on top of all future updates.Follow ongoing development of Halcyon 6 here:Halcyon 6 on Facebook Halcyon 6 on Twitter Massive Damage Youtube Channel Website: playhalcyon6.com In the midst of a disastrous war, you and your ragtag group of Terran officers discover an ancient, derelict space station, and attempt to harness its mysterious power to turn the war's tides in a grand, desperate campaign to save the human race from extinction. Halcyon 6 is a passion project inspired by our years years spent playing classic games like Star Control II, Master of Orion, X-COM, Civilization and of course, rogue-like games like FTL.Halcyon 6 will target the PC/Mac/Linux first with other platforms later on. Early Access will be PC/Mac only. Features: A vast, merciless, uncaring universe: It's filled with bloodthirsty fauna, enigmatic aliens and mysterious ancient artifacts, in a setting reminiscent of classic sci-fi games like Star Control II and Master of Orion. A motley crew with unique traits and talents: Recruit and train a crew of characters whose idiosyncrasies can mess with your plans, unlock story events, challenge your patience, or delight you with their special combat abilities. Hard decisions and tough battles: Deep tactical combat for both fleet and ground combat means you'll need to use all your strategic thinking and your officers' special abilities to gain an advantage. Explore, expand, exploit and exterminate (sorta!): Inspired by classic strategy mechanics straight out of your favourite 4x games: rebuild your starbase, construct facilities, research tech, explore star systems, mine resources, build ships and fight to survive. Emergent storytelling: Tons and tons of storytelling embedded in the game system. Whether you want wacky, lighthearted events or intense life-or-death situations with high stakes, Halcyon 6 is going to have it all! Base Building: Spend resources to build station facilities (modules) to enhance your production and technological capabilities, or build ships to help you control more territory. Exploration: Assign your fleets to other locations in the galaxy, where they can handle emerging enemy threats, do missions for alien factions or secure bonus resources. Crew Management: Assign crew to station facilities to greatly improve their output efficiency, or to ships where they can contribute in unique ways to combat, missions and events. Combat: Engage in tactical fleet or ground combat to resolve hostile events, create a foothold in the sector and ultimately defeat the enemy mothership! Story Events: Based on game criteria (station modules constructed, alien diplomacy scores, officer traits/skills, etc.), the game produces story events that lead to combat, bonuses/negatives, officer attribute changes or any number of crazy in-game scenarios. FULL RELEASEHalcyon 6 full release will be available for PC (Windows), Mac and Linux. The PC and Mac version will be released first with Linux following. We're aiming for a Steam release as well as DRM-free download. EARLY ACCESSEARLY ACCESS will be released on Steam only. Early Access will be available for PC initially and Mac will follow. Linux version will only be available at Full Release.DRM FREE OptionWhen the FULL GAME releases, all backers will have the option to choose between a STEAM key or DRM-Free download. (EARLY ACCESS will be STEAM ONLY)Other PlatformsWe are considering other platforms (Xbox One, PS4, PSVita, 3DS, iOS, Android) and some will appear as stretch goals depending on the success of this campaign and interest level. Unlimited Replayability: Each playthrough has players dealing with a new randomly generated derelict station, surrounding galaxy, crew recruits, and alien factions. Motley Crew: Each crew member has unlimited potential for acquiring unique behaviours, traits and abilities, for better or for worse. Making the best use of your dysfunctional crew will be one of the keys to success. Who should be your main Science Officer: the insomniac that works insane hours, but has an addictive personality or the agoraphobic mad genius? Encounters of the Weird Kind: There are currently five alien factions in Halcyon 6 and they are all quite different with varying objectives and personalities. Only your wit and your crew’s skills will help you navigate the diplomatic waters to gain key allies and valuable trading partners. OthersApart from the primary race factions, there will also be a collection of hostile units that are itching to tear your officers’ faces off. Whether it’s crazed ancient robots or mindless deep space fauna, there’s going to be tons of terrifying monster encounters for the player to deal with. Why Are We Using Square Enix Collective?What’s great about the Square Enix Collective program is that it gives indie developers like us a nice boost in marketing, something that is harder and harder to do as a small team these days.To be clear, we’re not getting any money from Square Enix. They are purely helping out on the marketing and PR side of things.The only requirement was to have a game and a team that passed their Team Assessment review.Thankfully both our game and team passed with flying colours.Ollie Sykes from Square Enix said this about our team:“Massive Damage are a smart and ambitious team with a proven track record not only in developing and delivering games, but in engaging with their community. With an engaging visual style and deep and rewarding gameplay, Halcyon 6 looks like it has all the ingredients to make a splash once released.“If you’re interested, you can read the entirety of the Team Assessment report here.All of us at Massive Damage would like to give a hearty THANK YOU to the Square Enix Collective team for running such an awesome program for indie game developers! The Halcyon 6 team is made up of six seasoned game developers (plus one LA-based film composer) at Massive Damage, a Toronto based indie game studio. We started the studio 4 years ago with a hit location-based zombie MMORPG called Please Stay Calm and have released 4 more games since. Massive Damage's hit game, Please Stay Calm, was released to critical acclaim in 2011. Please Stay Calm has been downloaded over 2 million times and won the Editor's Choice award from 148apps. Ken Seto’s our fearless leader, and the CEO/Co-founder of Massive Damage. In the last 7 years, he's started 2 mobile companies, designed and launched over 5 apps and 7 games. Peter McLaren is the lead designer, producer and writer. Peter has done art direction, writing and design for over 4 games including Please Stay Calm. Lucky Bremachandra is the lead developer, expert in all things Unity 3d. A veteran game developer who's worked at Koei and Gameloft, Lucky has led development on over 8 games. Jeff Elliot is the chief technology officer, and assists with technological planning, problem solving, and a lot of game design. Jeff is an old school software engineer with decades of experience building large complex systems. Linda Tran is our UI Designer/Office Manager superstar. Part artist, part designer, part office Mom, all awesome. Linda has worked on over 7 games and led design on 3. Juan Carlos Solon is the lead artist and pixel master. You can see more of his beautiful artwork in these games: Zombie Puzzle Panic, Dragon Kingdoms and Please Stay Calm. Steve London is a successful film composer living in LA. Add Ons!If you want a couple of extra copies for friends that can't pledge, you can do so easily by following these instructions.During checkout, add the amounts manually to your total pledge. If you've already backed us, go to "Manage Pledge" and add the appropriate amount (or more) to your total. Be sure to keep your original pledge tier the same. After the Kickstarter is over, we will contact you and you can specify your desired add-ons based on the extra amount added. Extra copies of the game are treated the same as the Crewman tier. Additional digital copy of the game: add $15 Original Halcyon 6 Soundtrack (download only): add $10Early preview by Steve London: https://soundcloud.com/steve-london/sets/halcyon-6-game-music-ideas Halcyon 6 T-shirt: add $40 (worldwide shipping included) Design an additional officer (similar to the 'Design A Character' pledge reward from the $99 Captain tier, but for those who wish to add a family member or friend to the game): add $75 Add your last name to the generic officer name generation tables (we'll have highly-randomized, generated officers to fill in the gaps between backer-designed officers. With this addition you'll have the ability to add yourself to their list of names, which means there would be a small chance that your name might appear in any given playthrough): add $10 Why We Need Your HelpOur earlier success with Please Stay Calm really helped build up our company, giving us the opportunity to put together this unique, exciting game concept.But we can't do it on our own. As you can probably tell from this campaign, we have HUGE plans for Halcyon 6, and the only way for us to get there is with YOUR HELP.The core H6 team consists of six people, and we know we can make the main game with this team. However, with a larger group, we could start working on our big, ambitious stretch goals sooner, which would really kick the project into high gear.Thank you again for your interest and your support. All of us at Massive Damage can't wait to collaborate with you on this one-of-a-kind project! Risks and challenges Beyond catastrophes on a global scale ("the internet stops working forever", "the world is consumed by a black hole" or "zombies"), our game is going to be made. That being said, game development is hard, and unexpected setbacks can fall on your head at any minute. We've been in the business long enough to know that servers can fail, funds can fall short and 3rd party delivery mechanism changes can sideline the plans of tiny and huge developers alike. But we're a dedicated, scrappy group. We work long hours, fueled by the passion we have for this project. We have multiple devs on staff who have spent their entire professional lives designing and implementing highly complex systems similar to the ones we're building for roster management and event generation. Our front-end team is hard at work, and our combat prototype is ahead of schedule. Thank you again for your interest and your support. All of us at Massive Damage can't wait to collaborate with all our backers on making Halcyon 6: Starbase Commander the awesome game we all want and deserve! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter