Blueprint for Success is working with the one of a kind hyper-creative agency, Super Top Secret, (www.wearetopsecret.com) to build a revolutionary digital platform that will greatly impact the holistic development and overall wellness of 15 million student-athlete in the US alone (along with 35 million others globally) while uniting the whole sports community around a unique blend of mentoring, courses, resources, tools and much more. We also will drive digital innovation, provide multi-platform content creation opportunities and elevate them through impactful storytelling, all intended to empower the next generation of athletes. Create a digital platform that resonates with student athletes by providing them with tools and resources to invest in their personal development. Cultivate an engaging destination for students to learn, grow and showcase their success holistically. Encourage GameChangers to make a life-changing impact by facilitating intuitive content creation and opportunities for human connections with students in middle school, high school and college. Over 20 of the largest school districts in the country are interested in the program/platform as well as various youth development and youth sports organizations. Our Year 1 goal is to reach 5 million student-athletes from all across the globe with that reach moving to 15 million in Year 2. There is no program like this in existence for student-athletes. With your support Blueprint for Success can become the most significant and impactful program/platform EVER for generations of student-athletes! It's very important to invest millions of dollars in things like obesity prevention and STEM education but it is equally as important to invest in the life & leadership skills, preparation, development, opportunities, overall wellness and futures of the more than 15 million student-athletes nationwide between the ages of 12-18. We must make comprehensive student-athlete development a HIGH PRIORITY. We must show student-athletes that we care about their high school, college and career readiness, that we care about their mental health, suicide prevention, depression education & awareness. We must show that we care enough to invest in keeping them drug & alcohol free, that we care enough to teach them responsible social media use, financial literacy and that bullying/hazing at any level is unacceptable. We must invest in their life skills/character at a grassroots level, prepare not repair. Teach them resilience, perseverance, resourcefulness, empathy, gratitude, humility, accountability and how to align their actions/thoughts/words with their goals. Teach them how to identify, nurture and develop who they are outside of the sports they play. How to embrace their personal values and teach them that sports are what they DO not who they ARE! Being a student-athlete is not easy. We need to help student-athlete manage stress through teaching mindfulness (meditation, yoga, etc) and other positive outlets of self-exploration & self-awareness. Teach them techniques/provide tools manage their anger and prevent violence. Teach them to love themselves, know their worth and maintain a positive body image. Provide eating disorder prevention services as well as nutrition and wellness education. We must educate student-athletes about the dangers of distracted driving and that one text, one post, one like can change their lives and the lives of others forever. We must create a culture where LGBTQ student-athletes are treated with respect and equality. I'm committed to our nation's high school and middle school student-athletes. I've sacrificed everything to create Blueprint for Success for this generation and for generations of student-athletes to come. This is a movement to revolutionize the way that we engage, empower and educate student-athletes and to build high character individuals with healthy, positive and balanced lifestyles. Risks and challenges The risk is this platform not getting funding and the millions of student-athletes that desperately need us having to continue without our impact. As with every Kickstarter project, if we don't reach our goal of $50k we don't get any of the backing. So please help us make this happen! If we hit our goal, every backer will be listed on a Donor Wall of Fame, with these special donor designations - All-Conference ($25 or more) All-State ($100 or more) All-American ($500 or more) All-Star ($1,000 or more) Legend ($10,000 or more) All $1,000+ backers will receive an autographed item from a Blueprint for Success GameChanger (pro/Olympic athlete)! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter