Despite the economic, political, cultural and psychological changes the world have undergone over the past decade, the Nigerian education system is still based on the National Policy on Education (NPE) introduced in 1977. This is a great shame for the country as a whole and an act of structural violence on the part of the government and every capable human being (not just Nigerians) who is able to act against such violence. Proper education is a God given right that every human being independent of race, nationality, gender, and socio-economic class should be afforded. As for Nigerians in particular, who fall victim to this outdated educational structure, they often lack the core and personal skill sets needed to affect the Nigerian society in a meaningful way as well as contribute to the world at large. As a result of this, high unemployment rates among past and recent graduates remain a major issue in the country. What is even more striking is that high unemployment covaries with almost every major issue facing the country today – rise of extremist groups (Boko Haram), youth violence, lack of infrastructure, lack of professional training, corruption, mental illness, corrupted legal system and so forth. To make matters worse, those who are unable to participate in the educational system fall into illiteracy as business minded and limited centers for knowledge – libraries, community centers and religious centers - lack the most basic resources in which self-education can be achieved. According to a survey conducted by the Federal Government of Nigeria and UNICEF the average rate of literacy for women in Nigeria is at an all-time low of 27% and for men 51%. In order to move the educational landscape of Nigeria in the right direction, independent of the government of Nigeria, O.B.A. Public Library of Nigeria’s objective is to provide a free, world-class, public library which will be a center for curating and disseminating knowledge in Nigeria’s most poverty stricken areas. This project will begin in Lagos, Nigeria and later spread to the entire country. Besides providing basic services available in almost any library in countries around the world, such as the issuing of free library membership, the borrowing and returning of children’s and academic books, journal articles, audio books, films & documentaries, access to computers for research and educational purposes, there will also be monthly lectures within different areas of academic disciplines from world class experts around the world, professional and technical workshops in which library members will be able to learn how to write a CV, business plans, use various technical softwares, data analysis, and so forth. Cultural exhibition and performances will also be available in the exhibition center of the library. Finally there will also be a research center affiliated with the library whose library members will be able to apply to be a part of the research group. Risks and challenges Nigeria is a country without a strong rule of law which means that the prospect of investing in the country is extremely risky. As a result there are many issues I plan to encounter through the course of this ambitious project and some I may not be able to foresee. In order to minimize these risks and issues, I plan to legally register the project not in Nigeria but in the United States. Secondly, the initial funds I hope to raise through Kick Starter will go into the purchasing of the land on which the library will be built. The land will be purchased through the High Courts in Lagos where the Co-Founder of the project currently works. Funds will be in a secured US bank and not a Nigerian bank. Thirdly, I anticipate that this will be a long process and because of this I will send an official letter every quarter, informing donors as to the status of the project. This is a very big project and one that can potentially change the educational and intellectual landscape of the most important Black national in the world. Your support will go a long way. Sincerely, Emmanuel Learn about accountability on Kickstarter