Introducing CoinGuard CoinGuard is a new type of product for personal home security. Unlike traditional home security systems, CoinGuard is extremely simple to set up while not sacrificing any effectiveness. In a nutshell, the tiny CoinGuard sensor detects movement and vibrations and sends an alert to your smartphone. Just place CoinGuard with any valuables that you would like to protect - if anyone tampers with them, CoinGuard will let you know, anywhere in the world! What could be easier than that?As seen on... Stretch Goals Features The CoinGuard system consists of a small, coin-sized wireless sensor, a gateway to link to your home network, a cloud-based monitoring system, and the iHomeWare smartphone application. The CoinGuard wireless sensor is battery powered, and the replaceable battery will last for over a year, depending on use. With a range of up to 100 meters from the gateway, you can reliably put the sensor almost anywhere in your house. And with its precisely-tuned vibration sensor, you can rest easy knowing that any attempt to move the sensor will trigger a notification.It is small and lightweight, and rather beautiful if you ask us! The smooth, simple, modern design belies the advanced technology contained within. The durable outer ring provides three useful attach points, and the clean design is unobtrusive, even when placed in a conspicuous location. One-touch gateway setup keeps it simple. The gateway provides a secure link between your home Wifi network and your wireless sensors, keeping you connected whether you are at home or anywhere else in the world. Setup is simple - a single button is used to effortlessly authenticate your new sensor devices and to register your smartphone. The cloud keeps you connected everywhere! The cloud-based monitoring system is the link between your home and your mobile phone. If someone touches your CoinGuard sensor while you are away, the cloud will make sure you get the notification immediately. The iHomeWare smartphone application puts the power of the CoinGuard system into the palm of your hand. With multiple flexible security scenarios, you can control exactly which sensors are armed when you are away and which are disarmed when you are home. iHomeWare is even capable of controlling other home automation devices around your house, including smart lighting and climate controls! And even with so much flexibility, it is sublimely simple to use.The story doesn't end there. With your support, we are going to continue to add features and functions to the iHomeware application and cloud. We will provide more integration between your smart devices, and we will support third-party services like IFTTT, HomeKit, Thread, Tasker, and more. Your backing is critical to our ongoing development, and of course you will be the first to see these new features!Applications With its small size, battery-powered operation, and wireless connectivity, CoinGuard is incredibly flexible. The uses and applications are nearly unlimited, but there are two primary functions for CoinGuard: Security and theft prevention Safeguarding dangerous items Security is a top priority for CoinGuard and there are thousands of uses. Besides protecting obvious valuables like jewelry boxes and home safes, CoinGuard can also provide intrusion detection by attaching it to doors, windows, and other entry points.But there is more to CoinGuard than theft prevention. It can also be used to keep your kids away from dangerous household items like cleaning products, medications, firearms, and tools. Or maybe you just want to keep them out of the cookie jar!Smartphone App The iHomeWare smartphone application is the essence of functional simplicity. While it is capable of controlling a wide range of home automation and security devices, it is still extremely easy to use. Setup is a breeze, with on-screen instructions for connecting to your gateway, and customization options that let you create friendly names for your devices. But for daily operation, it is only necessary to select one of three security states: Away/Arm: Enable all or most of your security devices when you are away from your home Home/Arm: Enable certain devices and disable others while you are home Disarm: Disarm most or all of your devices Currently iHomeWare is available for iOS, and we expect to have Android support ready by the time we deliver our first products.Cloud ServicesThe iHomeWare cloud provides an always-connected, always-available link between your home automation and security system and your smartphone. Wherever you are in the world, as long as you have mobile phone coverage you can check the status of your home system and you will receive notifications if anyone or anything touches your CoinGuard sensor. Simple, reliable security for your peace of mind.Extensible You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 The iHomeWare smartphone application, cloud service, and gateway are capable of much more than controlling your CoinGuard! We have a wide range of other sensors to enhance your home security system, including wireless door and window sensors, wireless motion sensors, and wireless temperature sensors. Additionally we have wireless sensors to detect water leaks, smoke, and CO2 for home monitoring. Like CoinGuard, all sensors will send an alert to your mobile phone if they are triggered. Wireless Motion Sensor Wireless Door and Window Sensor And finally, we have a complete range of home automation products, ranging from energy-efficient, color-changing smart LED light bulbs to connected smart outlets. Everything you need to safeguard and automate your home, and all supported by the same future-proof system that runs your CoinGuard! Smart LED Lighting Open APIThe more devices you have that work together, the more useful and efficient your home security and automation systems are. That is why we are creating an open API to our cloud services. We want everything to work together seamlessly, from our wide range of wireless products to the variety of other connected home products. We expect to have IFTTT (If-This-Then-That) integration completed by the end of 2014, so you can use any of the pre-defined IFTTT recipes with your system, or create your own custom recipe specific to your home. Turn on all of your lights if someone touches your CoinGuard, enable video monitoring, or send a text message to your neighbor. It is your opportunity to get creative!Technology We have spent the last few years developing and perfecting our home automation solutions. In addition to our own products, you will soon find that many of the devices that you use every day will be powered by Pilot Labs technology. Our primary focus is building highly reliable, simple connected home products for the DIY market. To further this goal we have chosen the widely-adopted Zigbee HA 1.2 protocol for its ease-of-use and consistent performance. Installation and Setup You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 We have dedicated ourselves to making the setup process as straight-forward and simple as possible. Getting started requires only a few simple steps: Plug the gateway power cable into the wall and the Ethernet cable into your Wifi router Press the Connect button on the gateway to authenticate and connect your CoinGuard sensor (you can connect them all at once if you have many) Download and launch the iHomeWare smartphone application Press the Connect button on the gateway again to register and authenticate your smartphone (connect as many smartphones as you want) Enter your email address into the iHomeWare application You are done! Test the system by picking up your CoinGuard and you will immediately receive a message. Our Team Rewards Risks and challenges Many of the hardest parts about developing CoinGuard are already complete, since the gateway, cloud, and iOS development are shared with our other home automation and security products. However, each of these items requires some minor updates to seamlessly support CoinGuard, and we are working hard to complete these now. We have a manufacturing partner for CoinGuard, and we have used this partner in the past for other security products, so we do not expect any surprises. The prototypes that they have built for us have been of excellent quality and workmanship. Of course, there is always a risk that moving from prototype to production could have some snags, but we have a lot of experience bringing such products to market. We have not completed all certifications and qualifications yet, but we are familiar with all of them and are well on our way already. As with any product launch, there will be certain unavoidable risks and there may be unexpected glitches. We review these risks on a weekly basis and regularly check that we have the appropriate resource allocation to handle any surprises. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter