Hey everyone, we’re Tiny Television!Since the release of our debut CD Mission Statement in 2010, we’ve been writing a ton of new songs and solidifying our reputation as one of the most exciting young bands on the SF roots music scene. From scorching sets at small clubs (Amnesia and Thee Parkside), to larger venues (Slims and The Great American Music Hall), supporting the likes of Robert Earl Keen, we’ve been getting the new songs worked out in a live setting, and are now ready to capture them on our next CD! We’re set to begin recording at the beginning of July, but we need help covering studio costs at our studio Magnolia Records (recording time, mixing, mastering, etc), artwork, production and shipping costs. We’re also enlisting our good friend and producer Jonathan Burnside (Melvins, Faith No More) to help us make the best album we can! And finally, we want to do another pressing of Mission Statement…we sold out of our first run! To achieve this, we’ve set a goal of $5,000 and have until the end of June to reach it. We have some killer packages offer with your donation, ranging from $1 (We love YOU!) and on up. And of course, any CD's and posters that we give as rewards will be signed by the band. CD's and downloads will arrive 2 weeks before our official release! We appreciate your support!! WE MADE IT TO OUR GOAL!!!!!!! Now, we have our sites set on the “Vinyl Challenge”. One of our dreams is to have our new album available on vinyl. If we can get this up to $7,000 by the end of the week, we will make a pressing of the new album on vinyl and all donors of $40 or above will get a signed copy in addition to what's already in the package!! We can DO this!! Not everyone can play music - but EVERYONE can be a music supporter. Spread the word!!! In case you don't already know who we are - Tiny Television is hard-working blue-collar band from Northern California. We would like to think we play songs almost anyone can relate to. The roots of the band can be found all across America, from the swamps of the South to the honky-tonk bars of Bakersfield to the wide open desert of New Mexico. Some of our major influences are The Beatles, Bob Dylan, Dire Straits, Ryan Adams, Pink Floyd and Son Volt.www.tinytele.comwww.facebook.com/tinytelevision