My Money is... a very exciting project which is about to start production! A young woman is abducted and a team of criminals for hire has been appointed by an anonymous employer to hold her captive. While they wait for the exchange, they decide to keep her in the shed of the suburban home they share. The team becomes anxious as they realize how little they truly know about the woman they were told to take and the mysterious telephone voice that hired them. Twist after twist, it all boils down to the question "So, it my money? Or, is it our money?" The film takes place in real time, with a constant thread of mystery and anxiety. The script captures the essence of human nature at its most threatened and at its most vulnerable; in the pressure-cooker of that shed, the audience will observe what it's like to question yourself and others when there's no one else you can trust. Why Kickstarter? Kickstarter will help our production team cover the cost of new equipment, software and props in order to create the best film experience and best final product possible. We'll also use the funding from Kickstarter to market, distribute and enter our film into multiple film festivals for maximum exposure! We need your help! No amount of money that goes toward our goal is too little, in fact, two dollars from you will have us jumping for joy! Even sharing the link to our project and talking about it with friends is greatly helpful, spreading the word can go a long way!The motivation behind this project is first and foremost to tell a story, but to tell it in the most artistic and comprehensive way possible, we need the help of those who believe that telling quality stories and listening to them has remained important in an ever chaotic world. We do not only need the funding, but we need an attentive audience so we can express this story in the best way we can. Weekly updates! We'll be sure to upload videos and photos capturing the progress we're making throughout production as well as behind the scenes featurettes from our cast. We can't wait for you to help us create and produce a thrilling story from beginning to end, thank you! Risks and challenges With a creative endeavour like this, there is always potential for setbacks; however, with the group of dedicated, imaginative and professional people involved in the making of this project, we are confident that we can withstand any equipment malfunction, scheduling errors or additional expenses. Because of the funding from Kickstarter, we will be able to afford additional equipment, pay any late festival entry fees or expensive editing software prices, all of which, without the generosity of backers like you, we would not have the luxury of doing. Thank you! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter