What is Duhmm?Remember a time when you found something interesting, or were curious, or sarcastic, or thinking of something, what was the sound you pronounce in your mind? It is Uhmm, That's why I decided to name it Duhmm, digital Uhmm.Here is what I intend to build: How many times have you found yourself sitting in a room, or on a street, and asking yourself, what are the offers now in "Pizza Hut"? Or you have 30 minutes for your lunch, where would you go to have your meal? Or what are the best meal offers today in your area? I thought it would be a nice idea to build an application, which would become a free platform for both venues and smartphone holders to find the closest meal deals, offers and discounts. The application would take my current position and give me the closest meal deals, discounts and etc. So I don't have to look for every shop's discount. And I've built it! It's called Duhmm. Since I'm a developer, I've built the Android version of that application and server side, which helps you find local meal deals in your area (500 m radius). You can follow your favourite venues, and look at their "deals" even if you're somewhere far away. Also, if you plan to go somewhere, you can search venues by postcode. I live in Cardiff, Wales and just last week finished all the testing and started to discuss idea with restaurants and takeaways. All of them were positive and wanted to become a member of Duhmm family. At this moment I have around 10 restaurants and pizza's and plan to involve many more. What has to be done? This application has to be released for two platforms at least. I've built the Android version, but don't have experience in iOS, and that's what should be done first. Comments and ratings should be implemented for both venues and offers Statistics for each restaurant like (Followers, Comments, Clicks) Admin login for venues through the app Why it is a nice idea? If you are a student or are already working, this app would save you time at work, or home, or even while walking in a shopping centre (of course if you care about meal deals.) If you are a takeaway or restaurant owner, how much money do you spend on your leaflets and advertising? More than a half go in the bin. In this case, you are going to be able see how many followers you have and address them directly. (I plan to give some statistics.) Imagine how many trees are being cut down for leaflets and advertising? Duhmm is going to be green. That's why I've chosen green as the main colour. Since we are going to work only with discounts, offers and deals, I believe we are going to affect the amount of food which is being thrown away every day Who is this for? First of all I would say that students and office workers would like it, those who are in a hurry for food and time, parents? Restaurant owners and takeaways, since you don't have to print leaflets and hire people for them to be delivered through the door. What are the plans for future? Imagine that it became easier for you to find local meal deals, offers and discounts. Let's accept some of already existing solutions do not satisfy even half of what has to be done. Projects like Groupon and others are nice, but they charge 30% and that's why they're not more popular. I plan to build an atmosphere where discounts and other offers not only for food, but clothes - maybe parties and cultural events are going to take advantage of it. I even have an idea to implement payment systems (e.g. you have saved your card details in the app, so you can pay for your meal in the restaurant or clothes in the boutique by choosing them from list of venues, and choosing the payment option). We are going to hold the boutique's account number and the entered amount will be transferred directly to them from your account - no cards, no contact, just you and your purchases.Why am I doing a Kickstarter?The kickstarter community is something extraordinary and great, I've seen a lot of successful stories, and have been following them, until they evolved and became great companies. I'm keen to welcome testers as well, or those who can spread the word about Duhmm and make another really great application.Here is an example of t-shirts and leather colours I'm going to use for notebooks Leather colours for notebooks Risks and challenges As far as I can see, there are few risks in this situation. And the biggest one is: What if restaurants don't want to become a member of Duhmm? To answer this question, I've done some research in Cardiff among restaurant owners. So far received only one negative response: "We will think about it..." The android app is already up and running and the Duhmm family has already around 10 restaurants in Cardiff, Wales. The venues are curious about it. The others are even asking how to appear at the top of the results. Here are some statistics: I've discussed the idea with 15 restaurants already. Around 10 have accepted the offer. Others said: "It would be better to discuss it with management" So it's not a "no", but not a certain "No" until they have done so. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter