Who am I? Hello my name is Vladimir. And let me introduce what is all about. I work as a photographer as a freelance. Due to my work I travel a lot in order to find a perfect spot for my photographs. aworldin.pictures The very interesting part of my job is when you meet other people living somewhere in a different part of our planet and you communicate with them, see how they live, what traditions they have and you capture this. My photography job is to tell story about the place and the life there.Where did this project come from? Recently I visited Tajikistan, and I must say this is a very nice country to visit. The visa procedure is also very easy. The people of Tajikistan are friendly, they have a welcoming atmosphere, the food there is delicious and very cheap as well. You can make your vacation there without any concerns about your security! Tajikistan has one of the nicest landscapes with mountains, rivers and lakes. You can go swimming, or go climbing to the mountains. I was inspired with this country and this is where did my project '' Exploring horizons of Central Asia'' come from. By visiting this country I have made my first photo story about it and put the very good start for my project. '' Exploring horizons of Central Asia'' Project: What am I planning to make?I planed to visit various countries that belong to central Asia. In my list Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan and the whole Central Asia region. I know that most of european people are not familiar with these countries. That is why I want to take a particle of their cultures and impressions from out there and bring it into my photographs. My second step, within this project is planned to meet Uzbekistan. Here you could find an information about this beautiful country, Republic of Uzbekistan. My plans there are : to visit famous historical places like Samarkand, Bukhara, Xiva etc. They are also known as part of the great Silk Road. Meeting people with their stories and experiences. Take all the colors and atmosphere and bring it in one photo story about Uzbekistan. What is my budget? I will be extremely happy and grateful for your donation and support. Through your financial help I will be able to achieve my goal. For this part of my planned trip to Uzbekistan I need to raise fund 3000. I think my story photo project will help educate people and will allow them to go on an incredible adventure.Why Do I care?The last days I noticed that many people are afraid to go for a vacation to Turkey, North-Africa, Greece and another countries. But there are also countries, that you might not know or think of them in a false way. Probably you do not even think about asian countries. I would like to assuage doubts and show many interesting places and flowing life in Central Asia. Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan all these countries are good enough to bring in there truism. I think my story photo project will help people to change truistic direction and will allow them to go on an incredible adventure. I am very exiting to work for my project Risks and challenges I successfully finished my trip to Tajikistan and made my first photo story! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter