iWorkGuru.co.uk a Luton based UK registered company has launched on 10th October 2014 a new website service offering a simple solution to a global challenge tackling unemployment around the World. We connect entrepreneurs, freelancers and talented people with employers and businesses wanting things done. iWorkGuru is working in collaboration with BCPD Trust a UK based Charity to offer FREE Training, Fulfilment and other services. The Chairman of BCPD Trust commented “The solutions offered by iworkguru.co.uk help people in parts of the world including UK where unemployment is high and allows social mobility and a level playing field for individuals with skills and talents. We are proud to be working in collaboration with iworkguru.co.uk and feel their services complement the objectives and aspirations of our charity. You can find more information about our organisation at bcpdt.org.uk.” There are millions and millions of people around the world with talents and skills but unable to find work. However Freelance companies are taking advantage by charging the very people who are struggling to find work. This is why iWorkGuru charges no commissions to Freelancers wanting to work in the global market offering their talents and skills. The market for freelancers is full of large multinational corporations with millions of pounds in marketing budget. With your help we would like to run a marketing campaign with only £10,000. You may wonder how we will compete against these Giant multinationals. The answer lies in a story about David and Goliath. I think you know where this is going and with your help I would like to prove that every David Founder Member can help promote and market iWorkGuru and simply multiply our impact by telling 10 others to challenge Goliath. This means if we have 1000 pledges then we can actually reach 10,000 people and if those 10,000 tell 10 others then pretty soon we can reach millions of people therefore matching larger marketing campaigns without spending millions of pounds. I think the power of the masses and individual David is so great that multinational Giants most likely can be taken on and challenged to reduce their commissions. iWorkGuru promises to donate 5% of annual profit to BCPD Trust which is a UK registered charity inspiring young people into Careers, Business and Sports. This will help the Trust expand their services Worldwide by developing FREE online Education and Skills training courses. You can also donate money to BCPD Trust directly by visiting their website bcpdt.org.uk. Please support our cause by either pledging money or by promoting us on your social media pages or simply telling 10 others to spread the word. Social Policy Objectives Help global Freelancers looking for work find work Support FREE online Education and Skills training course development Challenge Multinationalfreelancer websites to reduce their commissions Marketing Spending Plan Google, Facebook and Bing PPC Ad Campaigns - £6,000 Paid Directory Website Listing £2,000 Other Media Campaigns - £1,000 Youtube Campaign Video development featuring David and Goliath Challenge £500 David and Goliath Challenge Contest Award £500 FREE Facebook & Social Media Campaigns featuring David and Goliath Challenge FREE Press Release and Promotions featuring David and Goliath Challenge FREE Marketing and Promotions from our Founder Members Risks and challenges Campaign may not reach enough Freelancers and Employers to make a difference. Our marketing strategy aims to reach over a million people and through our campaign and with your help we can reach enough Freelancers to make a difference. Training courses not achieving the desired outcome of training people and improving skills. We are supporting BCPD Trust who is a registered UK charity with existing track record for developing and training people in the UK. Their training expertise and our support will help them to expand their services globally. Campaign may not reach sufficient momentum necessary to challenge the multinational Freelancer companies. This risk though exists can be minimised if target funding is reached and our founding members each take on the task to promote and spread the word. Multinational Freelancer companies reacting to our challenge with their own counter strategy. This is exactly what we want and if we see counter strategy, especially in reducing their commission charges then we have achieved one of our objectives. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter