CLUTCHIT = LOVE IT You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Clutchit is: detachable, removable, mountable, holdable, standable, twistable, bendable, turnable, movable, danceable, playable, reliable, securable, dependable, addorable, fashionable, flexable, lovable and INDESTRUCTIBLE!DID YOU KNOW? The CLUTCHIT case can be use as a shot cup? Also, double as a storage case for your metal plates and/or other things. Clutchit SURVIVED DAN BILZERIAN'S ARESNAL - 50 calibers, shotguns, Tracking Point 338 Lapua, riffles, grenades! Dan Bilzerian's Arsenal VS Clutchit You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Its sooo convenient for all you minimalists, and soo much fun!! ClutchIt utilizes rotating ball joints with super-powered magnetic ends to give you a solid hold with amazing degrees of flexibility. Now you can mount your phone to any surface with the help of adhesive film and our unique magnetic pads! And surfaces that are already metallic? All you have to do is place ClutchIt on your table, wall, or more and you've got a reliable phone mount that is sleek, sexy and easy to use!The inspiration behind the ClutchIt came from the creator's father, who is an Uber driver in New York City. "The current phone holders out there are so dangerous!", says Hong, who has experienced firsthand what can happen when you use phone holders that can fall down, obstruct views, or block vents. "Once when we were driving, the suction cup phone holder fell from the windshield and, distracted by trying to catch the phone, we almost hit a truck!". No more dangerous phone holders, says Hong. Frustrated by the lack of a phone holder that takes up minimal space, is strong and supportive, and looks good, Hong set out to design his own phone mount, holder and more. Clutchit by itself is a phone stand. no metal disc needed You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Every ClutchIt comes with clear adhesive films and magnetic metal pads. The adhesive films provide a way to prepare any surface to become magnetic, without the fear of ruining the material or leaving an unwanted, sticky residue.The metal pads adhere to the film, making any surface you want magnetic! They are easy to remove, but still powerful. You can't always plan for when you'll need a convenient place to hold your phone, but with the ClutchIt you'll always be ready! You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 "The fun factor of this is wild! it is not just for your phones, you can use Clutchit on any metallic surface and stick anything metallic (car keys, pens, lighters, tools,etc) to the other end with crazy bend and rotation" says Jack, the Chief of Technology. ClutchIts are strong enough to hold the biggest smartphones and even small tablets! The powerful magnetics hold strong to any magnetic surface and allow for 360ยบ rotation, bending at 100ยบ on all sides.ClutchIt does it all! Clutchit can even hold up a Samsung tablet or an iPhone 7 vertically! You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 We design with quality and user-friendly in mind rather than profits with the ClutchIt. We make sure that it holds even the heaviest of phones and even smaller tablets at any angle. Also Clutchit itself weights about half a pound, so you feel the weight and quality of clutchit, when you first hold it in your hands, you will want to play with it for hours, thinking of creative ways, angles, angles to Clutchit! ClutchIt! fits into a wide array of lifestyles. The device itself comes in 5 colors to match your style. These options were developed with the new iPhone in mind, so you can be sure to be ahead of the latest trends. Get Cash Back on the Projects You Love! Get Your Project Funded Today! Risks and challenges The main challenge we face is getting people to understand that clutchit is a double sided magnetic holder, therefore it is not glued to any specific surface permanently but its "removable" which will allow the user to carry "Clutchit" anywhere its needed. Its the fundamental difference between us and all phone holders/mounts out in the market. Another challenge is the possible delay in shipments of product by the proposed November 2016 launch date. This because the product has magnetic components which would cause some challenges on air freight. Also production times may vary based on demand, but delays will be minimal. We hope people will see clutchit's vision and value in providing its users with a new freedom of "hands-free" in the mobile accessory world. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter