THE PIGPEN is a comedic webseries exploring the lives of three slobs and one neat freak as they struggle to coexist as roommates and “make it" in LA. The equation looks something like this: 1 Albie, the 80's-obsessed wannabe screenwriter 1 Max the trust-fund artist/poet/renaissance man 1 Haylie his granola attention-grabbing girlfriend + 1 Annabelle, Albie's uptight Emily Post little sister ---------------------------------------------------------------------- = Hilarity (Multiplied by a disgusting house and several other crazy characters) Through these vivid characters and circumstances we magnify (and laugh at) the gross and embarrassing side of humanity; the disgusting things people do when they think nobody is looking. We know people are doing these things because every disgusting instance is based on real life experiences from our creative team! SO WHY DO WE NEED YOUR HELP? WHAT A GRRRREATTTT QUESTION; LET US ANSWER IT FOR YOU: 1. We like to eat food when we are filming on set all day for eighteen hours at a time. Food often times provides the nourishment one’s body requires to keep doing the thing that is a must to complete this project…..living! 2. We would really like to provide YOU, our beloved viewer with the most awesome celebrity tie-in to the ending of our season. In order to have this most wonderful and all around earth shattering celebrity grace us with their presence it is going to require a small amount (TO THEM) of funds to have them show up and do us the tremendous favor of acting in our show. 3. We also would love to be able to provide a location that does not involve us running away from the police every five minutes to shoot said most wonderful and awesome scenes. 4. We are in the process of working on the footage we have thus far for our season, but we won’t be able to finish the season without your help. The material we have is funny, knee slapping, ass jiggling, face contorting funny…….but if it never reaches the light of day to YOUR SMILING, VIEWING FACE, then you will never have a slapped knee, jiggled ass, or contorted face. AND, what better gift could we give you and the world than those wonderful body parts moving in all their glory? Seriously, we have a good portion of the show already shot and in the works, but we will never finish this amazing project without your help. We set out on this amazing journey with such a GIVING and HILARIOUS cast and crew, and now we want have a strong finish to what we started and make it available to as many computer screens, iPads, iPhones, Androids, heck even Google TV's as possible! WHO WE ARE: While Out On A Limb Pictures is a small production company, this isn't the first time we've packed a punch. Last Fall our short film "Film de Thumb" won the Jury Prize at the Los Angeles 48 Hour Film Project. With THE PIGPEN we're looking to take our successful production strategy to the next level...but we need you to do it. :) HOW YOU CAN HELP: In exchange for your awesome support, we have some special REWARDS we would like to share with you. STEP 1: Take a look at the fabulous list on the right, pick out your favorite level and let the good times roll. STEP 2: Keep the party going and share the link with your friends and tell them about Step 1 and so on and so on STEP 3: Keep checking in to this page for updates as we will be ADDING some totally tubular "Limited Edition" prizes regularly! We're excited to make these characters and this hilarious concept come to life, and we can't do it without your support! THANK YOU for taking the time to look at our our page! Stay in touch and drop us a line on: www.twitter.com/ThePigPenSerieswww.facebook.com/OutOnALimbPictures The Pigpen Teaser Trailer: Directed By: Karyn Kobayshi Written By: Karyn Kobayashi, Christopher Metcalfe, Michael Stephens Mulkey and Lizza Monet Morales