HD TRAILER / STEAM GREENLIGHT / HOMEPAGE FACEBOOK / TWITTER Interviews: GameRaven.com / Miketendo / ◆ / ◆ UPDATE: With the second micro reward unlocked, every backer who's pledged at least 14 EUR will receive a digital comic booklet! UPDATE: If you want a copy of the game for a console or handheld, you can later tell us in the survey we will send out after Kickstarter is finished. The price of all ported versions is the same as the PC version: 14 EUR (15 USD) We will start porting to PS4, PS Vita, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch after the development for PC is finished. Just pledge for the common tiers to get a copy on your console instead. For more info, scroll down to the bottom :) Add-Ons If you wish, you can pledge a higher amount to get additional rewards. Click on 'Manage my pledge', and go to 'Change your pledge'. Add the price of extra reward you desire, and you can tell us later in the survey what was the add-on reward you've pledged for! Additional copies of PPB (PC, consoles and handhelds): 14 EUR (15 USD) per copy Digital OST : 7 EUR (7,5 USD) Digital OST Booklet : 7 EUR (7,5 USD) Digital HD Wallpaper : 5 EUR (5,3 USD) Paypal If you wish to use Paypal to pledge, please send us a message with the name of the desired tier. We will make the process easy and fast. :) ‘Pixel Princess Blitz’ is a roguelike sandbox action RPG that aims to provide a deeper gameplay by generating and simulating a harsh, authentic fantasy world filled with adventures. Survive against all odds, and shape the fate of this realm! Supported Platforms : Windows / Mac / Linux DRM : No Controller Support : Yes Primary Languages : English, 한국어, 日本語 Number of Players : Single-player Planned Final Release Date : Mid 2018 Descriptors : roguelike, sandbox, action RPG, simulation, dungeon, romance, multiple endings Drawn by @hepari00 Overworld Survival - Turn-based, exploration survival on a large hex grid map without hand-holding. Real-time Action - A huge motion palette including melee and ranged attacks, spells, dodging, blocking, deflecting and special moves. Huge Arsenal - A minimum of 4 weapons types, different armors, accessories and items that can be upgraded, repaired and enchanted. Dynamic story - Each move and interaction with factions and characters has a huge impact on your multi-ended journey. Gain respect and affection of NPCs that inhabit the dynamic world. We believe that having a game with good combat mechanics isn't the goal to strive for, but only a starting point. That's why we've decided to go beyond the common action RPG. We've put a heavy emphasis on bringing you a dynamic and autonomous fantasy world. You can deal with this world in many ways: You can take up quests, break sieges and stop raids, work for or against a faction, find and explore deep, devious dungeons, meet interesting NPCs and even engage in romantic relationships. Let this world feel your presence, and watch as your actions lead to logical consequences and unexpected twists. The once great Kingdom of Verad lies in total chaos. Verad was invaded and conquered by Irsil 12 years ago, but scattered sections of the Resistance army is still bringing the fight to the Irsilian oppressors. But according to some rumors, the insurgency isn't the only thing to be concerned about. There is talk of undeads creeping across the lands, and monsters from old fairy tales returning to this realm, sending their Wildren minions ahead to spread panic, and even a dark ritual to bring doom upon the world is going on in the heart of Verad... And as always, not many believe these stories. In this grave age, you assume the role of Kuruna, a young strider who travels far distances on a regular basis to help people in need. One day, you receive reports of suspicious Wildren activities in the province of Hummingwoods, and venture out to investigate the situation. What has started as a simple patrol mission for Kuruna, would soon turn into an epic journey that would decide on the fate of the realm. Kuruna - your avatar in this epic journey. An Authentic world You will travel through many sectors of different settings and types, Explore vast lands with a day&night cycle and weather conditions (fog, rain, snow...) that can make or break your journey. You can't admire the landscape on an empty stomach. Resource management Every activity drains your stamina, and each battle will exhaust your fighting capacities. Low stamina exposes you to infections and diseases! Therefore manage your resources well, and plan your journey ahead. Take a rest where you can. Set up camp to get some healing. Balanced Perma-death Death is irrevocable, but there are reasonable ways to prepare for an unforeseen failure. For example, if you fall in a dungeon, someone who holds you dear might come to your rescue. The simple rule is "I am hard, but I am fair." Action cards - Use them wisely! Dynamic AI You are not the only one to roam the world. Various NPCs and combatants fill the sector, playing by the same rules as you.They will chase, fight or flee from enemies, reinforce friendlies, return to base and refit, besiege settlements and do anything that helps themselves or the faction they belong to. The Pale Horde has an endless supply of recruits... Dynamic Settlements Settlements can accommodate different vendors and buildings, and serve as your main source of quests and supplies. As they are necessary for R&R, you might want to protect them from raids and sieges. "A room for two knights, please" Dynamic Dungeons Delve into forgotten ruins, cursed catacombs, lairs, nests, military outposts and more. Special rooms in dungeons are designed to boost each other, filling different roles. Examples: Guard Room: The guards stationed here can flip a switch to trigger an alarm. A guard that slips away will also alert the dungeon. Trap Room: A room designed to kill intruders more easily. Pitfalls, arrow-shooting slits, giant metal ball of death, and many more. Generator Room: Shutting down the generator can also bring the trap rooms offline, making your life much easier. Trap Workshop: But if the workshop is still up and running, other facilities such as the generator room will be repaired again. Avoid guards by taking a hidden route. vs Dungeon Master -- A smart AI is in charge of each dungeon, and it will try to best you by spending its own resources, powering up traps and sending out underlings. If you don't play well, it can become impossible to beat the dungeon... in which case, you should turn around and flee. Fast and tactical real-time battle -- Dash, dodge, block, reflect and use a myriad of special moves against your opponents equipped with dangerous abilities and a smart AI that's capable of great teamwork. And you are not alone - You can also side with other NPCs or have them join you in your fight. Critical hit! Countless enemies and bosses -- This is not an empty promise, but something mandatory due to the number of factions that populate the game. We estimate over a hundred enemies and bosses at the start of Steam Early Access. The Hollow Colossus - a walking disaster. Huge Selection of Items -- Item and gold drops are random. Weapons, armors and other items come in various qualities and levels, and can be upgraded, enchanted or cursed. Random Events -- Roll a dice! Traditional Pen and Paper-style encounters 'Strength' : Intimidate people or be the force of nature itself. 'Agility' : Sneak past enemies, evade traps and find secrets. 'Constitution' : Withstand poison and survive the worst wounds. 'Wisdom' : Resolve conflicts without spilling blood! Kuruna - your avatar in this epic tale. Multi-Ended Dynamic Story -- Sandbox-style gameplay allows for a multitude of possibilities. Each of your actions will lead to various outcomes, and these will, in turn, cause new events to occur. The multi-structured ending will reflect your journey, instead of just forcing you to our will and disregarding the things you've done. I believe that just writing a branching story doesn't make it 'dynamic' or 'emergent'. My only solution to make that happen, was, as you can see, 'simulating a world', however small. Talking to Liselotte, a knight gone rogue. Character Interaction -- You will meet a number of interesting characters in PPB. As part of the dynamic world, they are not mere objects of your will, but autonomous personalities that act in their own interest. An example: In the undead-infested sector, you might come across Liselotte who's trying to evacuate all civilians against all orders. Even if you decide not to assist her or don't meet her at all, she will pursue her own honorable goal. Attitude System - the main NPCs will make their own judgement on you, depending on how you approach them and how the game plays out for them and for you; under certain circumstances, you might even be able to win their heart. There's no sex and nudity, but there are a number of sweet bonding moments as logical consequences of prior events - in conjunction with characters of both genders. Update : About Dynamic Narrative and Romance Options Pixel Princess Blitz isn't just some side project for fun; it's my passion and hope. For two decades, I've been honing my craft through sleepless nights and restless days - All I've done, all that I am, builds up to this game. That's why not in my faintest dreams would I let this game fail or be abandoned! And the entire team shares this dedication of mine.Please have a look at what we're doing, and how far we've come; and imagine how much we could accomplish with a financial help from backers. Perhaps I'd even be able to get more than 5 hours of sleep a day, live longer and make many more games in the future! Help!! Your pledges will go towards everything that puts us a step closer to the goal. With your help, I can: compensate our team for their ongoing effort commission qualified outside help (This would enable me to spend more time on drawing and writing.) cover license fees and business costs It would mean the world to me if you would put your trust in me and back my bold attempt of making something that has never been done before. Stretch Goals #1. Alternative In-game Retro Soundtrack : We will provide an alternative soundtrack that you can switch to in the option screen. Below you can listen to a demo of the main theme's remix track. #2. Settler Campaign : This is an additional game mode, separate from the main campaign. You will settle down in a town of your choice, and help it flourish by erecting and upgrading new buildings with accumulated resources, increasing the population and training town guards. To keep your town happy and well defended, you would have to venture out into the wilderness to find and destroy mob-spawning dungeons and fulfill quests. There could be a deep dungeon with an ever-increasing difficulty. You would be heading there to obtain unique / rare items to equip yourself with, or treasures to boost your town's wealth. There will be a predefined goal in this mode as well, but you will be able to keep on playing after the ending. #3. Multiplayer Co-op Mode (Local or Online): You will delve into a gigantic dungeon that consists of randomized and handcrafted floors alongside a friend, either local or over This dungeon will have exclusive puzzles, death traps and extra enemies and bosses, and you can only hope to overcome them by looking out for each other. I have tried to design the tiers in a way that you can find your sweet spot under 50 USD, as we don't want backers with small budgets feel deprived of rewards that are only given for ridiculously high pledges.We have also removed most physical rewards so we don't get distracted off the actual development. Though high amount of pledges would help us for sure, I believe that finishing this game should be our top priority, and the fulfillment process of physical rewards introduces a new risk that could topple the entire undertaking. PPB's estimated price at release is 25 USD, so grab a copy before it's too late! Rewards Overview. Early Access Key : Get a DRM-free copy of the game via Steam when we enter Early Access. You'll be able to play even when we move to full release. At the point of Early Access, the game will be as good as finished. We intend to keep improving this game even after its completion, by adding new contents and fixing issues without getting lazy. I've seen great games that could have used a final sprint being abandoned after release which is always disheartening to watch. Invitation to Closed Beta : You will be invited to our beta build approx. 4 months before we hit Early Access, and you will retain your copy of the game through Early Access and the full release. The project plan. Digital Official Sountrack : The talented Ethan Jeffrey is writing every piece in the magnificent soundtrack of PPB. The digital OST will come with an exclusive cover art that you can admire on your player. Here is one full sample of the soundtrack, please enjoy! :) OST Booklet : A digital booklet with exclusive illusts, sketches, a comic in color, plus an insightful developer commentary about the music and sounds of PPB. PPB Guidebook : This traveler's guidebook will contain stories, diary entries and interviews written by common people of Verad. It contains a bestiary, information about main factions and characters of PPB, exclusive illusts, comic pages and more. Digital Art Book : This gigantic art book will allow you to look behind the curtain, bringing you tons of visual materials, including sketches, concept arts, colored in-game art assets in their original size, pixel-art sprites and more. Your Name in the Game : Your name may be on the 'Adventurers of the Month' board, found in the Adventurer's guild house.The player will compete against other adventurers by racking up renown, and you can be one of them. Your name may also be on the 'Injured Adventurers' board, where the player can donate a few coins and get a better rep.These are great roleplaying opportunities for the player, and you can be a part of that fun experience. Be in the Newspaper : The game will generate newspapers that report about recent events. Think up a fictional story to be featured on its front page.It can be about yourself, or even just a funny story. Imagine other gamers reading about the discovery of a dangerous ruin, and finding the story about your heroic act beside that: "Steve from Bullworth wins the annual eating contest for the third time in a row."Also, you will be credited as 'Guest Creator'. Design an Event : Work with us to design an event based on your ideas. It can be for the sector map, for dungeons or settlements. Also, you will be credited as 'Event Designer'. Design a Unique Item : Equippable items in PPB, such as weapons, shields, armors etc. are randomly generated, but there are also 'unique items' that look different on the inventory screen and have a few special properties that make them stand out. Work with us to design a unique item with special properties, and a lore the player can read after identifying it. You are also free to include your own name in a lore-friendly way. Design a Quest Line : Work with us to design a quest and a string of events tied together with it. Do you want a quest that starts out as a simple fetch mission, but later turns out to be a plot designed to benefit a supervillain? It's your choice.You will be credited as 'Questmaster'. Design a Monster : Come up with an idea of a regular monster, first. If we agree that it's viable, you can give us some visual cues to make the monster that looks as you envisioned and acts as you've ordered. If you ever wished the monster of your imagination to enter a real video game, now is the chance!You will also be credited as 'Monster Designer'. Design a Faction : Beside the major factions such as the rescue force led by Liselotte of Falkenheim, or the resistance led by Erin 'the Lion', there will be a multitude of minor factions, too. (Imagine the smaller houses in Game of Thrones.) Come up with such a minor faction, and be a big part of the game. We will accept your request to modify your faction even after the game is out.1. First, decide on which side you want to be on.Do you like the mighty Irsilos Army? Resistance forces that fight to restorate the Kingdom? Wildren? Shady cults? Healers? We will introduce you to the world of PPB and show you the wide range of your choices, trying our best not to spoil the game's story! :D2. Name the faction and its leader, and give it a background story.Is it a small section of the Resistance that tries to hurt the Irsilos in any way they can? Is it a band of monsters gathered under the command of a crazy mage?3. Finally, suggest a behavioral pattern of the said faction. Do they keep to themselves, or do they venture out far and often? Do they raid villages, or ambush soldiers? We need your help, but don't want to take them for granted. You can reach these small milestones pulling it with us together! Share the story and join us on Twitter or Facebook, make fanarts and publish them, send tips to reviewers and journalists to get PPB noticed.The rewards are as following. 6 gems: 16-bit remix soundtrack is added to the OST, and we will reveal one of the remix tracks right away. (Unlocked) 12 gems: I will draw a comic booklet which will be added to all pledge tiers. (Unlocked) 18 gems: I will draw a new big illustration for Pixel Princess Blitz, and make a lengthy drawing tutorial with tips and tricks, easily accessible for you. The illust will also be added to the reward 'HD wallpapers'. 24 gems: This will be revealed when we reach the third reward. Colored Fanarts: Draw a fanart with love, and tweet it while mentioning @hepari00 and the link of our Kickstarter! http://kck.st/2iTpg9x We will also retweet it. Follow on Twitter: Please follow our main twitter account! Retweet This: Please retweet this tweet to share the news! Share This: Please share this post on Facebook! Share the Trailer: Link. Please share it on a social media of your choice! Featured on Major Websites: If you get active on social media and websites to spread word, maybe we can get featured by big names, which could help us immensely. Share in Gaming Communities: Please share our campaign with other people online, while not spamming and annoying them! Each cautiously shared news goes towards a gem. (Please give us a link of the post!) You can find a few visual materials below. Erin and Kuruna Sketches by Hepari / Pixel art by Shiros "Die, puppet!" Kuruna's status display, made by Shiros. Hepari (Twitter / Facebook) Game designer + Lead artist + writer I design the mechanics, write the story and draw the art assets such as character graphics and interface. I also draw pixel art tilesets and objects. I'm a passionate gamer and a creator making his dream come true. I've been drawing and writing my entire life, and releasing games since 2014. Luckily, my creative skills have finally caught up with my vision, and I intend to put them to good use. Joonkyu Programmer With his left hand he destroys all the bugs, and with his right hand he makes magic happen - As our main programmer, Joonkyu is responsible for implementing all the complex systems into the game and making sure that they work. Shiros (Twitter) Pixel artist A master of pixel art who just churns out great pixel art pieces like it's nothing. Shiros draws and animates all the sprites of PPB's main characters. Do yourself a favor and visit her twitter which is full of mind-blasting pieces! Sameduma (Twitter) Pixel artist A highly talented pixel artist with eyes for the detail and a wacky sense of humor. Sameduma is responsible for the enemies you will face in PPB, from small critters to giant bosses. Ethan Jeffrey (Soundcloud) Composer A gifted composer who has written many brilliant pieces for 'Project Nimbus'. He is responsible for the entire soundtrack of Pixel Princess Blitz! Risks and challenges Game development is always full of challenges and uncertainties, but we've waited as much as I could until we were sure that the biggest risk factors are gone, and only then decided to tackle Kickstarter. We have a team of highly skilled creators who work with dedication and a sense of professionalism, and this project has left its conceptual infancy a long time ago. Many core systems are already in place, and the remaining workload is mostly about contents production, and not about inventing new ideas or entering a totally uncharted territory. The projected release date is the best honest estimation we could come up for now. We will do our best to stay on our plan, avoiding laziness or arrogance. In case of an event that would hinder us from keeping the release date, we will inform you thoroughly and without delay, and not try to sneak around the problem. I believe that the current state of Pixel Princess Blitz proves that we've got what it takes to finish the game as we've imagined it and promised to you. I'd be very grateful if you could support us! Hepari (Lanze Games) Learn about accountability on Kickstarter