CopKarma is an app that allows people to rate, review, and share their interaction with a Police Officer. I like to think of it as a 'Rate My Professor', but for Law Enforcement. It works by allowing users the ability to create a profile for a police officer that is accessible to anyone who wants to rate and review them. The user can upload pictures, video, and audio to a Police Officer's profile and can share their review across their social network.A police officer will gain 'karma points' that are used in determining the best and worst officers in a particular state, city, or department. The reasoning behind creating something like this is to create a record of events with pictures and videos that will follow an officer through out their career. I feel like people make better choices when they know that someone's going to see the pictures the next day, and that's exactly what CopKarma is for. Its a vehicle for transparency and accountability. I decided to crowd fund this initiative both to ensure that something like this has a demand and because of time constraints. I have a full time job as the Director of Ecommerce Marketing for a company in the Media Production industry; and while I do have over 10 years of programming experience, I don't have the time to do both. That's where Kickstarter comes in. All of the money raised through Kickstarter will go towards hiring developers and the budget for online marketing. Assuming this project gets funded, I hope to have rewards shipped by December and begin development by January with a projected launch date of April 2015. CopKarma will be available as an app for the Iphone, Android, and Windows phones. Users will also be able to access the full range of content at www.copkarma.com. CopKarma is a track record of experiences. To anyone who has ever gotten a speeding ticket, CopKarma is for you. To anyone who has ever been to a protest, CopKarma is for you. CopKarma is for 'the people', and whether you're praising a hero or exposing corruption, the world wants to know. Copkarma will happen if you want it to happen. The first step is funding. I will pay for Kickstarter’s cut, Amazon Payment's cut, and the Marketing budget with my own money. The $10k goal will go towards development and sponsor rewards.I'll make sure that CopKarma is heavily vetted and has a proper marketing campaign for launch. All receipts will be posted for everyone to see. Help us spread the word with a tweet!Contact:contact@copkarma.comStay up to date on milestones, reward dates, and the big launch by signing up for the newsletter at:www.copkarma.com Risks and challenges The potential challenges that may arise will primarily be because of funding and time. I've invested my own time and money into developing CopKarma and am committed to delivering a quality website and app for everyone to use. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter