ATLAS COCOONS (aka – ECO~COCOON) You can call me: “cocoon” - OR - You can call me: “capullo”-OR - You can call me: “kokon”- OR - You can call me: “kuh-koon”- OR - You can call me: “cocon”- OR - You can call me: “kokoh”- OR - You can call me: “coccum”- OR - You can call me: “coque”- OR - You can call me: “kokkos”- OR - You can call me: “coucon”- OR - Try: MANDARIN + ARABIC + JAPANESE - AND –In every language on this planet, you can call me by a different name. However, it always has the same meaning: “a structure to envelop or surround protectively; to insulate; to be warm, or cool, but always comfortable; to keep water out, but preserve the life giving moisture within all of nature’s creatures.” This is the CORE THEME represented by our Eco~Cocoon. We’ve empowered eons of nature’s evolutionary gifts to replicate the benefits of protective cocoon shelters. To achieve outstanding performance, we invented an Eco~Panel made with Hi-R-Value Insulation, Factory Mutual (FM) Approved Coatings, Marvelation with Phase Change Technologies, Patented Sealant Systems, and other TIME PROVEN components. Blended into a systems approach, the result is an unprecedented Temperature Maintaining Technology (TMT) light-weight building block.Our Eco~Panel is ultra lightweight, waterproof, insect/mold/fungus resistant, durable, weatherproof, and thermally efficient. Not only will our Eco~Panel manage heat and cold transfer, but it’s also so water repellant that is floats constantly (thereby serving as a life preserver when necessary).Our Eco~Panel can be produced to be fire resistant just like many other products, or as an exceptionally unique ArmorBarrier Surface. This is our proprietary heat and fire barrier; few feather weight surfaces on our planet are able to stop fire ignition, smoke contamination, and toxic damage. More than twenty (20) years of research and development were required to bring these technologies into the marketplace. We started with heavy - thick stone blocks with space-age insulation intertwined. That product has earned the nickname “bunker” because it has the potential to serve and weather for hundreds of years. But for everyday usage, we recognized that lightweight and user friendly alternative materials are preferred. SO WE DID IT……our Eco~Panel is the resulting solution. We deploy Interlocking Designs to enable quick and user friendly erection and assembly. Our panel is portable; it can be “back-packed” because it’s so light weight and adaptable. Eco~Panel can be utilized as a small building interlocking Block Component for everything from a child’s playhouse, to a pet’s domain, to a camouflage hunter’s blind, to a calamity survival shelter. OR…. a larger interlocking panel for a myriad of other “real-world” applications and purposes such as:• An ice fisherman’s warm and cozy overnight camper.• Mini warehouse to keep perishables for longer time periods and more edible.• Huge container at tail-gate parties to preserve and utilize ICE, beverages, and prepared foods.• Fire resistant and waterproof enclave after tornadoes, forest fire damage, hurricanes, etc.• Unsinkable raft during flooding or watercraft or boat docking scenarios. • Personal Storage Container having weatherproof plus critter, insect, mold, fungus, and fire barrier performance capabilities.This KickStarter PROJECT enables us to continue our Research and Development (R&D) so our successful prototypes evolve quickly into mass production. Our mission is to help societies defeat recurring operating challenges and environmental problems. Specifically, REFRIGERATION + FOSSIL FUEL USAGE. Refrigeration cost can be financially draining when obtainable. Much more distressing, almost half the humans on our planet do not have access to suitable and effective daily refrigeration. How’s that for a disturbing statistic? Our PROJECT targets an affordable, simple to assemble and portable refrigeration device. It utilizes SOLAR energy combined with the earth’s magnetic field to produce the electricity needed for operating at functionally cool or cold temperatures. Our PROJECT enables galactic ecology and environmental benefit by eliminating the requirement for plug-in grid electricity, without propane, or gasoline, or diesel, or any carbon fuels whatsoever.Our PROJECT is labeled ECO~FRIG…………………… Our refrigeration unit user is released from the cost prohibitive factors, plus operating constraints, imposed by electric grid and battery driven devices. Good old-fashioned sunlight and magnetic energy power our ECO~FRIG instead of conventional electrical generators.So whether MOTHER is in the Sahara Desert, RIO, or Melbourne, she can rely on an independent cooling resource. In many cultures, studies report MOTHER dedicates most of her day preparing meals due to a lack of refrigerated food storage. She now will be able to perform other critical chores because more quality time is available.This KickStarter PROJECT also introduces our unique Temperature Maintaining Technologies (TMT). This innovation parrots the ancient approach to temperature control, which is often called “cave-man-cooling”. For instance, our TMT technologies replicate many feet of thick stone wall, but only require INCHES of lightweight materials. AND….our systems are more effective and consistent through the four seasonal cycles.This KickStarter PROJECT makes it feasible to preserve perishable food with a passive power source at functional cooling temperatures (Celsius Five or 41F)....and down below Celsius Zero (30F) when utilizing our active NON-carbon power devices. WOW! Just think of the possibilities.From the higgler, haggler, and street vendor who transports cool, cold, or frozen food all day. To the large trucker who underwrites BIG time fuel cost by keeping refrigerated containers on the road constantly (let’s reduce truck fumes and effluent). And remember, our Temperature Maintaining Technologies will “reverse the purpose” by keeping hot food edible and appetizing longer.More importantly,this KickStarter PROJECT targets the many millions (billions) of our planet’s inhabitants who either cannot afford refrigeration, or do not have access to a reliable power source (i.e. grid electricity, propane, gas, etc.)AND…. This KickStarter PROJECT targets those who have no choice except to constantly cut trees for firewood and to make charcoal. Those folks don’t relish contributing to our planet’s demise due to fossil fuel warming. Let’s produce an alternative for them! AND…. This KickStarter PROJECT conveys a potentially inexpensive and quickly implemented temporary survival shelter for “metropolitan folk”. These city and suburban dwellers are paralyzed when conventional electric power is interrupted for reasons beyond their discretion and/or control. It’s a new and distressing consequence of electric grid failure and water flooding….. now known as GRID-LOCK…..and we’ve had enough of these calamities to understand the disruption and the misery.In brief description, by deploying an alternative energy storage container quickly and deliberately, not only are food provisions salvaged, but essential communication resources continue to function. This dividend is derived from the naturally ignited electric power devices built into and emanating from the storage container.IN SUMMARY: Looking forward to: Cocooning Peacefully Together ...AND…....... ...Cocooning Together Peacefully ................................... BY: SMART ENVIRONMENTS UNDER THE SUN – NOTICE: Atlas Cocoons, ECO~Cocoons, Marvelation Integrated Building Systems, Marvelation with Phase Change, ECO~Panels, ECO~Lock, ECO~Frig, Temperature Maintaining Technologies (TMT), ArmorBarrier, Cocooning Peacefully Together, Cocooning Together Peacefully, and Smart Environments Under The Sun…. are copyrighted. All have been further submitted for either TradeMarks or ServiceMarks or both. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Risks and challenges Our production partners have very significant experience and credibility. Our West Indies Factory has been operating successfully for more than fifty (50) years. Our California production partners operate professionally and capably, and have the staff to address any and all operating, logistical, and communication requirements. We shall not allow a sponsor to become frustrated by lack of response and/or implementation. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter