"Story Mode" is the interactive album of the #DigitalRealist. It's several songs that tell the story of the protagonist 'The Digital Realist' and his search for 'M'. The songs use different genres of electronic music with melodies from the 1700s and early 1900s, rock, dance, house, EDM, and dubstep. Recording costs are very low because I'm recording, producing, and mixing the album myself. Here is "Stranger" , a song about overcoming discouragement and disbelief . https://soundcloud.com/digitalrealist/stranger The purpose of this kickstarter is to raise funds that will offset the cost of manufacturing physical copies of the album (my day-job just won't cover it). I am also using the funds raised to pay for digital distribution and music videos in an effort to reach a larger market. I've also gotten support from other artists as I have done renditions of their work, such as popular artist Cosmic Sense, Dino Diamond, Tico Swava, Anthony Hamilton, Phillipia Williams, and more. https://soundcloud.com/digitalrealist/cosmic-sense-midnight-feat-the-digital-realist Midnight - Cosmic Sense (feat. digital realist) Also, there's a comic that will be published along with "Story Mode" The actual story will have our hero traveling to different worlds using music to help progress along the story. Each issue will represent each song. Think Daft Punk 'Discovery' album, but more dialogue and detail. These Japanese influenced comics will be distributed at live shows and for digital download. The reason I call this a 'interactive' album is because I hope that the engagement will be so magnificent that fans will want the comic to continue once it reaches this album's end. I'd simply have to pick up from where the story leaves off and continue with more music. https://instagram.com/p/3S7kWUJFfp/" style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none;" target="_top">A video posted by Digital Realist (@digitalrealist) on May 29, 2015 at 11:20pm PDT The story is already written by myself. Helping me with the artwork and character development is popular American illustrator Eva "ShadowSaber" Chatman. She's published artwork for the gaming company Capcom and the popular Dragoncon franchise. Here's some examples of her work:.http://shadowsaber.deviantart.com/gallery/ The money I'm asking for will allow me to do everything I've stated. Anything raised beyond my goal will go towards paying for the future recording and mastering of any music, music videos, promotions, any additional artwork, and touring. This is going to be fun! I'm EXCITED!Join the fan club now and earn money with each song that sells! http://bitly.com/XRtree Risks and challenges There is minimal risk in having this manufactured and produced in a timely fashion. All rewards will go out as soon as humanly possible and I will be in constant contact with any and all backers who might have questions, comments, or concerns about the status of the project. I will also be posting consistent project updates with things like innumerable thank-yous, additional reward opportunities, etc., as they become available. If there are any delays in production you will be immediately notified. I've produced music with a Toshiba net book and $5 in my pocket and was able to get that music published with top producers and artists. So, let this reassure you, though there will be risk, I will let nothing stop me from achieving my goal. Stranger things have happened since I believed in you in me. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter