HELP US TO MAKE YOURSOCCERSKILLS (MIJNVOETBALTRAINER) AVAILABLE IN AMERICAN ENGLISH Yoursoccerskills is the NUMBER ONE online video soccer training application in the Netherlands. Developed for grassroots and youth soccer trainers and based on the famous Dutch soccer academy. We offer tons of video content, all recorded in high definition and offered with voice over, graphical support and a printout. Dutch Website 'Mijnvoetbaltrainer.nl' More than 15,000 trainers in the Netherlands and Belgium use our tool on a weekly basis. Help us to make this unique and powerful tool available in the USA and other English speaking countries. With Yoursoccerskills, you and your team will have more fun, more friends, better soccer and a better life Design of YOURSOCCERSKILLS online application Yoursoccerskills is active in the Dutch market under MIJNVOETBALTRAINER (www.mijnvoetbaltrainer.nl & APP store: mijnvoetbaltrainer). MVT BV, the company behind Yoursoccerskills Presentation for the Dutch Royal Family about Youth Soccer MVT BV was founded in 2012 by Vincent van Sas, Frans Vertregt and Jorg van der Breggen. MVT developed a unique e-learning course for soccer trainers. First for the Dutch market, in 2016 also for the international market. MVT is one of the most innovative soccer companies in recreational and campus football, understanding the needs of beginning soccer coaches worldwide. MVT developed a total soccer solution with which our partners can implement a complete strategy to develop soccer in their club, region or country. Yoursoccerskills team during a video recording day The people of MVT are amongst the top of their specialization. Our ambition is to become world leader in Total soccer for the youth worldwide!In Holland we believe that soccer should be a lot of fun. That’s why our philosophy is based upon a learning program where we educate children in a pleasurable and playful way. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 This is a preview of one of the many exercises we offer in our comprehensive system (we will start with 110 exercises in May 2016). All video's come with a PDF to take with you to the pitch. Every month we will update the system with new content. So you can enjoy Yoursoccerskills starting May 1st 2016. Support us now!The people behind MVT BV Vincent van Sas Shareholder and CEO - MVT BV since January 2012. Specialized in: Application design, Product development, Marketing/Sales, Sport Marketing linkedin: https://nl.linkedin.com/in/vansas Shareholder and COO – MVT BV since January 2012 Specialized in Sales/Marketing and Recruitment. linkedin: https://nl.linkedin.com/in/frans-vertregt-91b1638 Shareholder and technical manager Soccer - MVT BV since January 2012. At MVT BV Jorg van der Breggen is responsible for the football technical content. Jorg personally is involved in producing the training on the technical content side. Jorg van der Breggen has been the Manager of the Sparta Youth Academy from 2011 until July 2015. Since the 1st of September 2015, Jorg van der Breggen is one of the managers at the Royal Dutch Soccer Organization in Zeist, the Netherlands. In his new role he is responsible for youth soccer Nationwidelinkedin: https://nl.linkedin.com/in/jorg-van-der-breggen-926b9510a/en Jan Murre Shareholder and CTO – MVT BV since January 2012. Jan Murre is one of the top programmers in the Netherlands. At MVT BV he is responsible for the design and programming of all applications. Jan Murre is specialized in building complex structures using Google App engine, AMAZON S3 and more of the latest technologies in order to guarantee unmatched performance and limitless scalability. (Linkedin: https://nl.linkedin.com/in/janmurre Work in Progress - Soccer video production Quotes from Dutch Soccer clubs and Dutch Coaches"This application gives us the right structure for all the coaches in our soccer club" Etiënne Kleinis, Technical Director, SV DSO, Zoetermeer, the Netherlands. www.svdso.nl"This is the best Soccer product by far" Ruud Nijenhuis, Technical Director, VV Kampong, Utrecht, The Netherlands www.kampongvoetbal.nl"What a marvellous software, It works like you have promised" Bas Otten, Soccer dad Risks and challenges We have an extensive database of high quality soccer training video's including voice over, graphical layer for explanation and a PDF file to print and take with you. We have over 300 exercises for age categories <6, <8, U10 and U12. Now it is time to translate all this content from the Dutch language to US English in order to produce US English voice over for all training video's. We already found our translators, we also found our voice over (see our demo training on youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch…;) and are now looking for your support to realize YOURSOCCERSKILLS before May 15th 2016. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter