We are about to start of a series of movies but we need funding to get started and that's where you can help us out.My name is Tonie Rombin and IM an Indies movie producer from Sweden Umeå. I have made a lot of movie work the last years with some big customers Like Sabaton where our community made a live DVD for the band. You can find the result on our youtube Channel: Cityfilm Umea.We are based in a small town in the North of Sweden and the funding for a bigger movie is not possible. We Would like some help with reaching our goals and dreams. By making this movie we are trying to get our name out there and swim with the big fishes.With your help we can make this movie happen! And we think the result will make us standout from the crowd and be able to make more movies!What We Need & What You GetIf we get the funding we want we will be able to transport our actors around the are where we will be filming. We will be able to Buy props and material necessary for the movie With the Script we have for this film it feels like we can't fail and we are hoping and begging for the help of make this product stand outAll the funds will go to this project even if we don't reach our goal!!!For the funders! you will get a link to download the full movie when its done!!The ImpactI walked in to our local office for film and production trying to get them on this project and they just shaked their head and said "its not possible to make a movie in our town. We want to show them wrong. Not only for our own sake but for all the young producers out their having a dream of making their own production.We have made a lot of filming in the past, Some pilots and some music videos. You can see the results on our Channel on youth Cityfilm Umea.We hope that you are one of those people that once had a dream but newer had the chance to make the real ore maybe you are a person like us that burns for indie film makingRisks & ChallengesThe only obstacle we can find in our production is the location we live in and the small chance their is in this part of the world to make something outstanding.With today's technology, internet and websites like this we might stand a chance of making our dreams come true.Other Ways You Can HelpPlease help us with our Campaign to make this movie happen!If you feel like "hey" I want to help but I can't fund this project feel free to spread the word ore at least share our youtube channel. Because we need all the small stones to, to build this castle. Risks and challenges Risks & Challenges The only obstacle we can find in our production is the location we live in and the small chance their is in this part of the world to make something outstanding. With today's technology, internet and websites like this we might stand a chance of making our dreams come true. Other Ways You Can Help Please help us with our Campaign to make this movie happen! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter