You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 More Open, More Powerful. More Fun, More Convenient.1Cables is the world’s first, smart data sync cable. It breaks the limitations on cell phone operating systems by connecting to multiple devices with a single cable through a unique, 2-in-1, male/female switchable connector designed for smartphones. For instance, it can connect your cell phone to a camera to sync photos and videos; it can also connect your cell phone to many other external, expanding devices such as a mouse, a keyboard or a gaming controller. It can even connect your cell phone to another cell phone that is running out of battery and charge it up. It makes your cell phone work like a computer. Male/female switchable connector design As a transformative USB connector, 1CABLES's unlimited function extension is made possible by its instant transformation between male and female with a single switch.Push the button down to switch to a female USB connector — now it becomes an unlimited, multifunction cable that can connect to many external devices.Push the button up to switch to a male USB connector and restore to the original data sync cable. Download photos and videos from a cameraAfter shooting with a SLR camera, you can directly connect the camera to your cellphone using 1Cables to download photos and videos, and instantly share them on social media, all without a computer. Connect to a mouse or a keyboardWith 1Cables, you can directly connect your cell phone with any USB mouse or keyboard (iOS system only supports connection with keyboard, not with mouse), to take care of business anytime, anywhere. Connect to a USB flash driveDirectly connect your computer with a USB flash drive to conveniently and quickly sync data and files. (iOS system only supports sync of photos and videos.) Connect to a printerWith 1Cables, you can directly connect your cell phone to a printer to print and make copies of your photos anytime, anywhere, without worrying about having an internet connection of any kind. (No need to install Printershare. Currently does not support iOS system.) Connect to a game controllerNot enough to play with only one game controller? With 1Cables, you can connect your cell phone to a game controller while playing video games for a more exciting playing experience. Charge a cellphone with a cellphoneDepleted the power of your cell phone while playing games? With 1Cables, you can connect and charge your cell phone with another cell phone in case of emergency. You will be prepared for any contingency. (Currently, this function only supports Android systems.) Apple’s new MacBook Pro cannot connect to other USB devices because it has only Type C jack. With 1Cables and its unique male/female switchable connector, you can connect your MacBook Pro or MacBook to all other devices, such as iPhones, USB flash drives, portable hard drives, etc. 1Cables makes your MacBook Pro work together with any other peripherals seamlessly with continuity. In the era of quick charging, you need a safe charging cable. Low-quality charging cables pose a security threat. Comparison Of Multi-Functional Cables In design and craftsmanship, 1CABLES meticulously forges every component to exceed the highest quality standards in the industry. 1Cables also uses twice as much as material as found in common. Special Communication Channel of iOS 1Cables uses the special communication channel of iOS to allow cell phones to communicate with different devices, connect to USB keyboards and transmit photos and videos, greatly expanding the functions of a cell phone. Android Cell Phones With OTGThe most significant improvements that OTG brings to USB 2.0 are more efficient power management and dual-role capabilities for connected devices, which can function as either a mainframe or a peripheral in relation to the cell phone. Apple devices do not support OTG. Please consult the manufacturer to confirm whether an Android phone supports OTG. Functions with * may not be 100% guaranteed due to compatibility of devices. The mission of 1Cables is to design innovative, functional, and technologically-advanced cables for smart phones that enhance the overall customer experience. ITIWANT was founded in Fremont, CA with the purpose of developing smart products to enhance consumers’ quality of life. Our obligation to all consumers reflects an underlying design philosophy that places equal importance on conceptualization and actualization. Risks and challenges As a well-funded, fast-growing, and trustworthy startup, we are committed to ensuring that our backers receive 1CABLES on time. We’ve been working closely with industry leaders for the last six months to refine every single detail of 1CABLES. Currently we have already opened molding and hopefully we can deliver 1CABLES to our backer in December as a holiday surprise. We’re confident in our ability to deliver 1CABLES on schedule with the highest level of quality and attention to detail. With our experience, we can foresee and de-risk most of the difficulties faced in production. However, if anything unexpected happens, you can rest assured that we will never compromise on the design and functionality of this product. If there are any unexpected delays, we will notify backers and provide an estimated delivery date. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter