The iCamera KEEP Pro is the first DIY smart home security camera to offer Motion Tracking - The ability to automatically identify dangers and pan & tilt to track and record activity. With an industry-leading 4 megapixel image sensor, custom Activity Zones, Sound Recognition of smoke alarm and carbon monoxide sirens, and integration with the iSmartAlarm Home Security System, Amazon Alexa, and IFTTT, the iCamera KEEP Pro is everything a DIY smart home security camera should be, and more. Real footage of the iCamera KEEP Pro reacting to movement with Motion Tracking! The iCamera KEEP Pro has: 1080p HD resolution streaming video Brilliant night vision at over 30 feet Intelligent motion detection that can discern between people and harmless things Sound detection for glass breaking, barking, footsteps, etc Two-way audio Free cloud video storage of up to thirty 30-second clips 24/7 continuous local video recording storage (with up to 32 gb Micro SD, not included) 8x digital zoom with lossless zoom Simple setup in less than 3 minutes Note: Sound Recognition currently available only in US and Canada versions. Demonstrating the iCamera KEEP Pro's Motion Tracking in our office - As you can see, the camera reacts to Jennifer coming down the stairs and walking to a desk, and then follows her back to the stairs and out of sight. The real-time live view in the app shows exactly how the recorded video would look in this prototype. Resolution: 1920 x 1080 (1080P) Image Sensor: 4.0M Pixel Field of View: 140º lens Motorized Movement: 350°x40° Night Vision Distance: 30 feet Local Storage: up to 32 GB (MicroSD card not included) - 24/7 long term local video recording with local storage Cloud Storage: 30 free 30 second video clips (first in, first out) Motion Detection Range: 30 feet Audio: 2-Way Audio Video Format: H.264 Wi-Fi: 802.11 a/b/g/n 2.4GHz & 5.0GHz Mounting Options: Wall mounting and tabletop placement Power: DC 5V/2A Required Power Cable Length: 10 feet Dimensions: 2.3"x2.3"x4.9" Weight: 18.5 oz Operation Temperature: 32ºF ~ 104ºF (0ºC ~ 40ºC) Operation Humidity: ≤ 90% at 104ºF (40ºC) System Requirement: iOS 6.0 and higher, Android 4.0 and higher Supported Wi-Fi Encryption Method: WEP 64bit, WEP 128bit, WPA, WPA2 TKIP, WPA2 AES User Information Required for Registration: Phone number For Indoor Use Only All features are controlled through the simple, intuitive, and award-winning iSmartAlarm app, available for iOS and Android devices. Multiple cameras can be used with your home's dual-band Wi-Fi communication, or up to 10 cameras can be linked to the iSmartAlarm Home Security System for complete home security with free phone, email, SMS text, and push notifications in case of emergencies.* *Phone and SMS notifications only available in US and CA. Phone, email, and SMS notifications are only available when the iCamera KEEP Pro has been linked to a CubeOne. The iSmartAlarm Home Security System is a DIY smart home security system with no monthly fees, no contracts, and no setup costs. The iCamera KEEP Pro is a Wi-Fi smart home and security camera, and can also be linked with the iSmartAlarm Home Security System. The CubeOne™ acts as the brain and hub of the system, allowing iSmartAlarm devices and sensors to communicate back to the user through cloud technology. Intrusions or unauthorized activity will send a push notification, email, text message, and phone call to your family to make certain you can properly act if there is an emergency. An intrusion when the system is armed also triggers the iSmartAlarm's 110 dB sirens as well as act as a trigger all cameras to record activity. You can use your Amazon Alexa devices (Echo, Dot, and Tap) to control your iCamera KEEP Pro! Just say the magic words, and you can arm, disarm, and much more. The iCamera KEEP Pro works with web-based IFTTT to be able to communicate with hundreds of devices including Nest, Phillips Hue light bulbs, Smart Things, geolocation services, and much more. We've built and run 4 crowdfunding campaigns, and we've succeeded with each campaign. Our original campaign in 2013 launched the iSmartAlarm brand, and raised over 450% of our goal. In 2014 we returned with the iCamera KEEP, providing free cloud video storage and pan-tilt motorized controls to a market that was missing it. 2015 brought Spot, the coolest smart home camera ever, with a flexible magnetically mounted base. Spot also introduced Sound Recognition and time lapse custom video creation. iSmartAlarm products are sold nationally and internationally in Best Buy, Best Buy Canada, Amazon, Home Depot, and many more locations. Risks and challenges All crowdfunding campaigns run into snags or issues. It is inevitable. But we have a significant advantage. We’re uniquely qualified to do what we say we will do in the timeframe we say we’ll do it - This is our fourth crowdfunding campaign, and we’ve succeeded with each one in providing our products quickly and efficiently to contributors and fans. Just last year, we ran a fantastic campaign on Kickstarter for Spot, the most flexible smart home camera ever. We raised over $160,000 and fulfilled all of our Rewards on time! Can we guarantee there will be no hiccups? No, no one ever can. But we’ve conquered all of the usual hurdles already. We’ve made it through design, development, supply chain logistics, and molding processes. We have a functional prototype of the iPhone and Android app, and the hardware is in place and working on multiple in-office models. We’ve tested, re-tested, and re-tested our prototypes, and the iCamera KEEP Pro is built on a well-established platform so we have a significant advantage. We have an amazing team in place. We’re very far along in the process, with design in place, manufacturing and engineering established with companies we have worked with for years. We promise we will do everything in our power to minimize delays, and deliver your KEEP Pro(s) as soon as possible. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter