People new to the United States come every day to begin a new life. This often means also learning a completely new language. Sometimes people in other parts of the world look for resources to help them acquire and improve their English skills for business and personal reasons. Generally, this means learning English from scratch. It is both inspiring and challenging for many. The spirit of people who wish to learn English is tested by their efforts and time available to dedicate themselves to this task. Flipping through tons of commercial textbooks can be discouraging. With this in mind, the idea for the "I Want To Learn English" project was created. This textbook is being developed by an actual adult ESL instructor working in the evenings, teaching free English classes to anyone in the community with the desire and need to learn English with limited time and resources. It starts from the beginning, laying the phonetic foundations to build on, taking the acquisition of the language step by step. Students respond with diligence and excitement, which makes learning more fun and renders positive results.The book uses modeled conversations, careful articulation of letter sounds, words, and various strategies to help students learn the language from the ground up. There are mp3 tracks that accompany the sections in the book so students can listen and practice the sounds, words, and conversations. Video segments and lessons will also be made available via the website, You Tube, and other video streaming services so students can get more practice at their convenience. The textbook itself will have supplemental activities for all of the sections in the book so students can have additional practice at home on their time. What works best for anyone learning a new language is immersion. Sometimes students are not always afforded opportunities to speak English in their workplace, but with the audio components, video lessons, and supplemental activities, there will be substantial opportunities for students to engage in the English language on a regular basis and improve their English speaking skills. There is even a smartphone app in the works for this program that will give students access 24/7 to practice conversations and phonic based lessons.All this begins with the basic, phonetic foundations, and the "I Want To Learn English" project delivers this with the first release in a series of textbooks which give the phonetic support students need at every level of proficiency. This textbook is packed with all of the essentials a student needs to learn English from the beginning and build on their skills using an array of phonetic tools, an emphasis on grammar, and real-life modeled conversations. Risks and challenges This project mainly is subject to release deadline changes based on timeline constraints between completion of the textbook and the publisher's physical ability to produce the books. If things remain on their current pace, the textbook will likely be completed by the end of the summer (2015). This means my work on the textbook, along with compiling data reports and peer reviews, will all have been submitted to members of the TESOL community, endorsed and submitted to the publisher to print. From there, it will be up to the publisher to produce the textbook and then the book has to be checked for errors. If no errors are in the book, then we will run a larger number to press and when that is completed could be somewhere in September-October 2015. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter