Go to our updates page to see our S-T-R-E-T-C-H Goals. We've announced our first two.You would swear Koji Kondo has the heart of an Irishman!If you are a Zelda fan, you may have seen Irish composer and conductor Eimear Noone* while she toured the world, bringing Koji Kondo's themes to hundreds of thousands of fans. You also may have seen Eimear conducting on the 25th Anniversary 3DS orchestra videos. Eimear Noone conducting Zelda with the Sydney Symphony. With Zelda being such an important presence in her musical life, Eimear always felt a deep connection to this music. But in one special moment during the event she created, The Dublin International Game Music Festival (iDIG Music Fest), the reason for that magical connection became crystal clear.Those who attended the 2015 Dublin iDIG Music Fest experienced this magic when the DIT Irish Traditional Music Ensemble took the stage - putting their uniquely Irish twist to our favorite game music themes; especially "The Legend of Zelda."You'd swear Koji Kondo has the heart of an Irishman! The DIT Irish Traditional Music Ensemble Under the direction of Odhran O Casaide, with co directors Kieran Hanrahan and Tom Doorley, the 20 musicians along with Sean-nós singing and dancing was nothing short of breathtaking! The DIT Irish Traditional Music Ensemble Eimear was moved to tears by the performance - she knew that she had to make sure these cross cultural renditions of the music from Zelda could be shared with the world. With this motivation, and in celebration of Zelda's 30th Anniversary, Eimear Noone is now collaborating with the DIT Ensemble to create "Songs of Zelda: A Link to the Celts" - a new CD that will capture these Irish interpretations for all time. Our plan is to record the musicians from September to November, with an eye to having the CD ready for iDIG 2016 - the weekend of April 29th, 2016. Naturally, the DIT Ensemble will be featured during the festival performing the arrangements from the CD.Help us make this dream a reality by joining our Kickstarter. Pledge now!For more info: craig@idigmusicfest.com*Not affiliated with Nintendo Risks and challenges Creating a music CD worthy of Zelda fans is a brilliant challenge and all those involved are jumping in with pure joy and excitement. One of the biggest risks and challenges in any music project is making sure the resources are available to produce a finished product. Resources are not just financial, they actually include the technology, the personnel to run that technology, and the quality of the players. We have all of these resources! This allows us to completely control the costs of our production and guarantee the best possibility for success. For example, as music producers, Craig Stuart Garfinkle and Eimear Noone have a long history of producing hours and hours excellent and award winning music. You've heard this in games like "World of Warcraft." They own all the equipment needed to produce this music. They are experts in the use of this music technology, and as a matter of fact, Craig is a published author and respected educator on the subject of music production. Unlike other CD projects, where studios need to be rented for weeks on end and engineers kept on staff, Eimear and Craig will be producing and mixing the music themselves, in their own studio, on their own equipment. They won't be watching a clock, they will be focussed on taking as much time as is needed to produce the best music possible. The only wild card, where we could go over budget, is in the recording of the musicians and the time it takes to capture that recording. Again, the DIT Ensemble is world famous for its dedication to performing traditional Irish music. They will be well rehearsed in advance of ever stepping foot in the studio. Any of those who were at the 2015 iDIG Music Festival and heard the DIT Irish Traditional Music Ensemble perform know how wonderful they are. You can hear this on our Kickstarter Video. When the players are this good, recording the ensemble will be a dream. Therefore, our biggest challenge in the studio will be choosing which excellent performance we will put on the CD! Here are the steps we will take: The first step will be to rehearse and codify all the new Celtic versions. Many of these have been performed already, as heard at the 2015 iDIG Music Festival. We will then spend up to four days in the recording studio - all with an eye toward capturing this "lightning in a bottle." Post-production, overdubs, and editing will then take months to make sure every note fulfills our intent. Currently we are planning to rehearse and record in September to November, with our editing, mixing, and mastering to be completed so that we will release the CD during the 2016 Dublin International Game Music Festival. What a wonderful celebration that will be! Other players and team members: We are so pleased to announce that our friend Fran Marshal of "Final Note Magazine" will be capturing the recording sessions in pictures. See her excellent work here: http://www.finalnotemagazine.com We love the"Irish Eimear Avatar" above. Our dear friend Feri Gonzales created this to help us celebrate the Dublin International Game Music Festival. For this CD, she will be creating similar avatars for all the musicians as part of the liner notes and cover. See more of her work here: http://ferisae.tumblr.com/tagged/my-art Learn about accountability on Kickstarter