Portrait- a journey through a child’s eyesThe PiecePortrait is Above Bounds Theatre Collective’s first major collaboration since graduating from East 15 Acting School in July 2013. Since graduating we have developed several pieces of Children's theatre which have been performed in libraries and festivals and for our next project we would like to develop a piece of children's theatre that can appeal to children from all over the World.Using two actors, the piece will pull upon the form of Commedia dell'arte, linking together a series of comical, physical sketches to tell a story. The piece will have little or no use of the English language, instead we aim to use half masks (made by ourselves) and physical gesture to bring a tale to life. Portrait tells the story of a child searching for a missing portrait. Armed with an empty frame, a map and a drunken pirate, the child goes on a journey to find out, discovering things about their own identity along the way. Written and Performed by Helen Bovey and George Boundy, featuring handmade masks, puppets and a magical soundtrack, the show will premiere at Rooted Moon International Theatre Festival this August in Sardinia. The Festival Rooted Moon International Theatre Festival has been set up by several graduates from East 15 Acting School with the aim of bringing together artists from all over the World. August 2015 will mark the first year of the festival which will celebrate work that does not rely on the use of the English Language. Looking to engage with the local community, the festival will host works that focus upon bringing stories to life, performing them in a way that can be understood by a variety of audiences, no matter their age or spoken language. The Company Helen Bovey and I (George Boundy) graduated from East 15 Acting School in July 2013, having studied the unique BA World Performance Course. Together, we are Above Bounds Theatre Collective, which we formed in 2012 with the aim of telling stories in a visually stimulating manner. We both work as freelance performance artists, Helen Bovey as an Actress and Storyteller and George Boundy as an Actor and Writer. Helen Bovey is based in her home county of Devon and this is where we would like to establish our work. Since graduating, we have developed several pieces of Children's theatre which have been performed at libraries and festivals across the Country. For our next project, we would like to draw upon our experience to develop a piece of children's theatre that can appeal to children from all over the World. Why This Festival? We want to launch Portrait at Rooted Moon as it matches our own ethos of a theatre for everyone. We are passionate about creating theatre that engages with a transcultural audience and can appeal to an audience of any age. It is also really exciting to be part of an ambitious festival right at the start of its journey; performing in Rooted Moon’s inaugural year. BudgetThis Kickstarter campaign will form a significant part of our fundraising and should cover the initial costs of travel and accommodation, whilst also contributing to rehearsal and production costs. We are also approaching other sources of funding and hope to gain Arts Council England funding to further develop this piece on return to the UK. Below is a simple breakdown of some of our initial costs for getting Portrait to Sardinia: Easyjet Flights: £ 224Accommodation: £350Rehearsal space: £70Props and Costume: £50Sound Design: £75Actors’ wage: £936Total: £1,705 Risks and challenges There are always risks with the creation of new theatre pieces, however we are committed to bringing this show to life and so have designed a show which can be performed with minimal technical support and few props. This will mean the piece can be easily devised and once finished, easily toured. We wish to develop this piece for a small scale UK tour on return from Sardinia and we are hoping that by working with minimal set/props in our first show, we will have a good solid basis on which to do this. As Solo performance artists, we also have a good track record of creating successful pieces. Over the past two years, Helen Bovey has been commissioned (alongside other performance artists) by Vision Redbridge to create storytelling performances, all of which have been performed at Events/Festivals in the London borough of Redbridge. Projects include ‘Around the World in 80 Stories’ ‘The Mad Hatter’s Tea Party’ and ‘Little Red Riding Hood’- a project that George Boundy was also a collaborator on. George Boundy has also been working as a Workshop Leader, demonstrating a good level of trust and responsibility. Above Bounds are performing their show ‘Traveller’s Tales’ at Brixfest 2015. We maintain a good, safe working environment and only use safe props and equipment. We are both full members of Equity and have Public Liability Insurance. We will also ensure that we have full travel insurance for our journey and stay in Sardinia. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter