>> Click here to download the Demo! << The demo has 3 stages, multiple bosses, and power-ups available. There is quite a bit of content. Check it out!Also: See the trailer at 60fps on Youtube Link: http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=495649334 Screenshots: Spark the electric jester is an action/platformer video game heavily based on classics from the 16-bit era, such as Mega Man X, Sonic the Hedgehog, and Kirby Super Star (Kirby’s Fun Pak in the EU). You play as Spark, an electric jester frustrated by the loss of his job! On one beautiful day, robots decided to take over the world. Seeing as Spark’s job was taken by a robot, he decided this was the perfect opportunity for his revenge! Spark will have to travel through the world and be engulfed in high-speed thrills and tons of action against the robots and the one who has taken his job. Spark is not just an electric jester, though. Spark can also transform into other Jester types with the right items, such as the Wind and Gravity Jesters, which are playable in the demo. Go check them out! How’s the Gameplay? Speed your way through numerous non-linear paths to explore and clear stages, uncovering hidden passages and unlocking new power-ups along the way! This game takes obvious influences and references from your favorite classic 16-bit games.Characters: The majority of the game’s initial development has already been finished, and we’re ready for polish iteration. But there is still a lot of work to do. Our major and primary goal with this Kickstarter is to raise funds towards the game’s soundtrack and sound design. Additional funds will be put toward new software and hardware development tools. We also plan to get Spark into Steam Greenlight sometime in the future. Felipe Ribeiro Daneluz (LakeFeperd): Programmer, Designer, Artist Hello, I'm Felipe, also known on the internet as LakeFeperd. I was the main developer behind the fan games Sonic Before the Sequel, Sonic After the Sequel, and Sonic Chrono Adventure. I'm not very familiar with the game development scene, and I'm mostly learning as I go. Spark is my first attempt at a commercial title, and I sincerely hope people will enjoy it. Thank you.Follow me @LakeFeperdFalk Au Yeong: Composer A man of many hats (and unfortunately not enough hair), Falk is currently the lead engineer for the prestigious Video Game Orchestra. Falk has plied his trade in everything from mods, to tribute compilations, to indie games, to Western and Japanese AAA. His many game credits include Final Fantasy XV Episode Duscae, Kingdom Hearts HD 2.5 ReMIX, Tales of Zestiria, Bioshock Infinite, Cytus, Freedom Planet, and Telepath Tactics, in the capacity of recording, mixing and/or mastering engineer, coupled with arranging, production, and/or synthesizer operator work. Falk’s main passion still gravitates back towards pure composition, and specifically with Felipe he has written a good portion of the soundtracks for Felipe’s previous undertakings.Soundcloud: https://soundcloud.com/falk-2James Landino: Composer, Sound Designer Teleporting in from the game studio that brought you Rock Band, video game composer and DJ James Landino is a leading force in the digital music generation. When he's not composing music for Harmonix's next big rhythm game, James entertains audiences at packed venues across the east coast. His audio credits include: Rock Band 4, Kingdom Hearts 2.5 HD ReMIX, Amplitude HD, and RWBY. In 2015, James teamed up with remix label GameChops to release video game remixes from Zelda, Shovel Knight, and Splatoon.Soundcloud: www.soundcloud.com/jameslandino Facebook: www.facebook.com/jameslandinomusic Twitter: www.twitter.com/jameslandinoAndy Tunstall: Composer, Sound Designer Andy Tunstall is a composer from the North of England. Ever since he picked up a Nirvana CD and a cheap guitar at the age of 15 he has been writing music (of increasing quality). He worked with LakeFeperd on Sonic Before the Sequel and Sonic After the Sequel as well as providing music for other community games such as Emerald Ties and Sonic Time Twisted. Andy also contributed a remix for the Sonic CD OCReMix album Temporal Duality, which was received well enough to nab a spot on the OCReMix front page. Soundcloud: https://soundcloud.com/tunnersPejman Roozbeh (Funk Fiction): Composer Funk Fiction materialized by the serene waters of Los Angeles, California. As a child of the 90s, he was surrounded by the beginnings of the 16-bit era, Nicktoons, and the advent of electronica. Despite being funkster at heart, he's also known to dissolve genres. Upon maturing into a musician, his projects spanned writing music for indie games, Sonic Before the Sequel and Sonic After the Sequel, OCReMix albums, and for TV networks such as E! and Fox. Blessed with celestial waves from interstellar space, he embodies funk so great it comes from fiction. Soundcloud: https://soundcloud.com/funk-fictionMichael Staple (Maxie): Composer Part-timer by day, mad scientist by night, Michael Staple emerges from the underground, spreading his talents around the world to be made known. He has composed for indie games such as Combat Cats and Duel Revolution. He was also part of the music crew for Sonic After the Sequel. Soundcloud: https://soundcloud.com/djmaxeofficialPaul Bethers: Composer A new addition to the musical team, Paul Bethers is a songwriter and producer best known for his 2013 electronic rock album The Evidence. His solo music has always drawn from his lifelong love of video game soundtracks such as Sonic & Knuckles, Vectorman, and Wave Race 64, but now he brings those influences to the forefront for Spark, his first soundtrack work. You can hear this for yourself in his track featured in the game's Kickstarter trailer.Soundcloud:https://soundcloud.com/paulbethersFelipe, Falk, James, Andy and Pejman have done some work in the past in the fan game Sonic Before the Sequel and Michael joined later for its sequel: Sonic After the Sequel. When is the game going to be released? Our production schedule is planned for a release date in Spring 2016. Which platforms will the game be released on? Currently, we only plan to release on Windows and Mac. We also plan for the game to be published on Steam via Greenlight. Will this game allow for different resolutions and full screen support? At this time, Spark only supports 16:9 resolutions, and any change done to the window will stretch the screen. We have plans to support additional resolution and aspect ratio options in the future. I get an error when the demo starts. Help! What you downloaded is a .rar file. On PCs that don’t have WinRAR, it will probably appear as a zipped folder. Never play a game directly from a zipped folder. Instead, right click the folder and click an option to extract the files. If you don’t see any option, get WinRAR or WinZip. Will this game have DRM? Not at all. Is there a way I can reach the development team for support or questions?Twitter: @LakeFeperd FacebookE-mail: feperd@hotmail.com Risks and challenges We want Spark to be the most polished gaming experience for launch. The year of development has been spent in part-time without pay to create the best Kickstarter demo possible. In terms of audio, with an abnormally large team, we will continue to stay organized and diligent on the audio production pipeline. In the event the crowdfunding is unsuccessful, the project will probably be released with minimal polish treatment--or, at worst, further development will be cancelled. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter