Introducing the least advanced NoPhone ever.The NoPhone ZERO has zero features. It's a plastic rectangle for people who are addicted to rectangular devices. If you know someone who needs no phone, give them a NoPhone.You can now order the NoPhone at http://www.thenophone.com If it isn't a NoPhone ZERO, it isn't a plastic rectangle.With a thin, light and completely wireless design, the NoPhone ZERO acts as a surrogate to any smart rectangle device, enabling you to always have a rectangle of smooth, cold plastic to clutch without forgoing any potential engagement with your direct environment. Never again experience the unsettling feeling of flesh on flesh when closing your hand. You can now order the NoPhone at http://www.thenophone.com How do I use the NoPhone ZERO?At a movie: Hold the NoPhone ZERO in your hand. Watch the movie. At the bar: Keep the NoPhone ZERO near you. Have a conversation with a human being. At a concert: Hold the NoPhone ZERO down at your side. Look at the band with your eyes. Testimonials"It feels like a smartphone in my pocket, but it's just a plastic rectangle." -Monica P"I can now eat food without taking photos of it. Thanks, NoPhone!" -Andra J"Not a real phone." -Katie A"Because of the NoPhone, I haven't drunk texted my ex boyfriend in one whole year." -Craig G Frequently Asked QuestionsDoes the NoPhone ZERO have a 3D touch screen? No.Does it have a 4K video camera? No.Does it have a metallic rose-gold exterior? No.Is it a plastic rectangle? Yes.Is this a joke? No.Are you sure this isn't a joke? Yes.You can now order the NoPhone at http://www.thenophone.com Risks and challenges One potential challenge is that development could take longer than expected. To guard against this, we've intentionally set a generous timeline for the development stage of the process based on where we currently stand. We hope we'll finish sooner, but we want to allow plenty of time in case it's needed. In all of this, we'll communicate often and clearly with our backers on where we are in the development and delivery process. We'll also be here to answer any questions you have about how things are going. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter