8-BIT Soundtracks is a retrofuturistic audio library collection of 400 tracks of music, sound effects and soundscapes inspired by video games from the 1970s-1990s. The tracks were created to be used in your own video game projects or other creative productions like podcasts, let's play videos, etc! Each track is available as a fully mixed down loop, or as separated audio tracks to be mixed inside a game engine like Unity or Unreal (this provides more flexibility for using the tracks and sound effects in responsive environments and level design) The tracks can be grouped into three basic categories: music, sound effects and soundscapes. Music is typically very melodic, most songs will loop and be very thematically strong. Examples would be a theme for a peaceful village in a JRPG, energetic battle music for a shooter, or a hero's theme music for an adventure game. Sound Effects are short sounds used for all the actions shown in a video game like jump, punch, run, pick-ups, etc etc. Classic games have some of the best sound design for these simple but important elements, think of Mario's iconic coin pick-up sound!Soundscapes are background tracks that are typically longer and less melodic than the other music tracks. They are ambient, usually looping, and help to set the mood or convey a tone for level design. Examples could be the sounds of a deserted industrial complex, a graveyard at night, or a sunny and cheerful meadowland. 15 MINUTE SNIPPET TRACK OF AUDIO EXAMPLES: 6 MINUTE LOOPING 115BPM DEMO TRACK "Lonesome Wizard" 4 MINUTE LOOPING 128BPM "Gems" "Mushroom March" The tracks in this collection are inspired by video games of the 1970s-1990s and are produced utilizing genuine sounds of the era from hardware such as the Commodore 64, Nintendo Gameboy, Sinclair Spectrum, Atari 1040ST, Amiga 500, Sega Genesis, etc. I hope to encompass a wide selection of moods and settings with the tracks, from peaceful village themes to intense space battles. If you have a request for a specific track, please contact me!For the purposes of modern video game production, in addition to being available as fully mixed down tracks, the sounds will also be available as separated audio files. For instance a tracks with drum, bass and lead parts will be available as a fully mixed track in the format of your choice (FLAC, Ogg Vorbis, MP3 VBR, MP3 320, ALAC, or AAC) and also available as a ZIP folder of separate WAV files. This will allow video game creators some flexibility in incorporating the sounds into their projects. Tracks can be panned or triggered responsively inside level designs using audio tools like FMod, WWise or Unity's audio engine. *Please keep in mind the above audio samples are streaming MP3s at 128KBPS. The original files can be delivered at full lossless quality with no compression artifacts! Non-exclusive commercial use. The music tracks, sound effects and ambient soundscapes in this collection were designed to be used in the production of your own video game or other creative projects. The purchase of this collection gives you royalty free non-exclusive permission to use them in your own commercial or creative project like a podcast, game, app, play, remix, movie, etc. “Non-exclusive” because everyone else who purchases the collection is allowed to use them as well. If you would like a custom exclusive track composed and produced, or an entire exclusive score and sound effects, please see the appropriate pledge level to the right!Please credit me if you use the collection in a commercial project and send me a message to let me know you found the tracks useful! If you have any other questions please send me a message! I have tried to keep the reward levels clear and simple, so I will do the same for stretch goals. 8-Bit Soundtracks will be funded if we reach our $1000 goal. For EVERY $1000 over funding we reach I will ADD an additional 5 minutes of material to ALL reward levels. For example, if the project hits $5000 funding I will produce an additional 20 minutes of material (music and sound effects). If the project hits $13000 I will produce an extra HOUR, etc etc.I will be asking for input from backers for what kind of tracks they would love to have for their game projects, so please post your requests in the comments! My two previous Kickstarter tabletop audio projects are also available as Add Ons. Cyberpunk Soundtracks is a collection of retrofuturistic soundscapes for gaming with Shadowrun, Android, Netrunner, Cyberpunk 2020, etc. Epic Fantasy Soundtracks is a collection of high fantasy inspired soundscapes for gaming with Pathfinder, Dungeons & Dragons, and other fantasy RPGs.You can find more information and sample audio snippets on the corresponding Kickstarter project pages:Epic Fantasy Soundtracks (8 HOURS) please Add $40Cyberpunk Soundtracks (7 HOURS) please Add $50 Or please Add $90 for both collections, that is 15 additional HOURS of music, sound effects and soundscape backgrounds with the same non-exclusive commercial use license! After payment for the project is processed and production of any stretch goal material has been completed, unique download codes will be emailed to backers. The files can then be downloaded in your choice of lossless or compressed audio formats: FLAC, Ogg Vorbis, MP3 VBR, MP3 320, ALAC, or AAC, or as a ZIP file of separated tracks. My name is Strangelette, I have been independently producing music for about a decade. This is my third Kickstarter audio project after Cyberpunk Soundtracks and Epic Soundtracks. Here is my last.fm bio:Strangelette lives in a dimension made of nightmares; in a world that never was, because it only exists within her imagination. Her music belongs in a pseudo Gothic movie, or a video game. You decide. While her inspiration varies, it is obvious her mind is teeming with Halloween themes and spooky-cute concoctions just waiting to be realized. “Think of Beetlejuice commanding on Space Patrol Orion,” or The Addams Family takes on a 3D role-playing game. Dark Electronica with its main focus on melody, spiced with just a hint of the Avant-Garde. Thank you for listening! Risks and challenges This is my third Kickstarter audio project. Cyberpunk Soundtracks was delivered on time to over 100 backers around the globe, Epic Soundtracks was delivered on time to over 250 backers. Here is what people are saying about my previous projects: "This music is truly amazing and evokes the imagination. It is a must for solid immersion." "Really solid tunes. For those on the fence, this is an immense value!" "The tunes and the effects etc sound absolutely awesome, nice one Strangelette." "My players were really pleased, they even thought I had ripped a video game soundtrack! The mood of the party was enhanced by your work." "I'm already blown away by the quality of these products." This project will be delivered digitally via a well regarded audio file system using unique download codes. The biggest challenge will be creating custom tracks if those reward levels are chosen and additional stretch goal material if those goals are reached. I believe I am prepared to meet this challenge and will post updates to keep backers informed. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter