THE DESIRE MAP WORKSHOP ~ LEVEL 1A COURSE FOR DISCOVERING YOUR CORE DESIRED FEELINGS& LIGHTING UP YOUR LIFE. A 2-day in-person, 6 week virtual or custom workshop-it’s a journey rooted in soul-centered, feminine wisdom. You will reconnect with your core truth and revitalize what matters: your desires, your soul, your life. It’s an initiation in truth, meaning and freedom. You will be asked questions that only you can answer—questions requiring courage, openness and the willingness to bravely explore your hidden truths. Who Should Take The Desire Map WorkshopIf you are a woman feeling the need for help with clarifying what you truly want in every area of your life. The Desire Map workshop will help you align your core desired feelings and using that powerful awareness to guide your choices from now on.If you want to feel invigorated, inspired, and supported by other like-minded womenThe Desire Map, a book by Danielle LaPorte, gently leads you into a new way of thinking about yourself + your life. It’s different from most self-help books. It’s really a movement. The book and workshops re-invents the way you look at yourself, your priorities, and your goals so that you reach and achieve them naturally and organically.You will:+ Uncover your “core desired feelings” (also known as CDFs) – a guidance system for your most soul-aligned, life-fulfilling decision-making. + Create sacred space — inside and out.+ Build an altar of shared intentions and collective wisdom. + Be guided to your most desired feelings in 5 life areas: Lifestyle & Livelihood; Creativity & Learning; Body & Wellness; Relationships & Society; Essence & Spirituality. + Surrender old stories & stop your limiting beliefs. + Explore where in your life you experience freedom — and where you hunger for more. + Make soul-anchored declarations and turn them into easy, everyday PLANS.Yes, you will plan your future based on your CDFs., this workshop is for you.This Workshop Will Help You With…Knowing your Core Desired Feelings (CDFs) – a new guidance system for empowered decision-making. For example, my CDFs are Connected, Present, and Sensual (using all my senses to enjoy life around me), and they help guide me for making decisions whether its large or small.Rethinking what you know about feelings and goal-setting so you can experience less struggle and more freedom. It doesn’t have to be as hard as we’ve been making it.Exploring the five key areas of your life – Lifestyle + Livelihood, Creativity + Learning, Body + Wellness, Relationships + Society, Essence + Spirituality, to figure out what’s working, what’s not, what’s missing, and what to let go of.Connected to a community of like-minded women who will offer you their hearts and wisdom, as women do. We go much farther when we go together!Cherished within a sacred space we create together, inside and out. Working with your Core Desired Feelings is sacred, life-changing work and requires a sacred space.Expanded by letting go of worn-out stories, using new words to deepen your emotional vocabulary, and setting your limiting beliefs on fire (figuratively and maybe even literally!).Anchored by the declarations you’ve made from your soul, and the knowledge that you have everything you need to bring them to life.Celebrating and walking away from this workshop with a newer understanding of who you are, how you desire, and what it is you truly want. Pick One of Three Desire Map Workshop OptionsOption 1: Desire Map Virtual ProgramFrom the comfort of your home and a sacred online space, we’ll get together and uncover your soul’s deepest desires. We’re turning six Saturdays into Soul-day. You could even do it in your PJs!When: Saturdays – Jan. 24, 31 + Feb. 7, 14, 21, & 28, 2015Time: 10am-11:30amWhere: Online most likely Google Hangouts or Call inThis virtual journey includes:+ 6 group calls (Saturdays) of recognizing, realizing, and committing to your possibly life shifting CDFs.+ A Private Facebook group for updates, support from your cohorts who are rooting for you!+ Private access to our weekly work+ Recorded calls+ Meeting a group of like-minded soulful women friends & cohorts from across town, the country and possibly the worldInvestment: $300 per person – limited to 20 womenOption 2: Desire Map 2-Day WorkshopImagine starting 2015 focused on how you want to feel instead of succumbing to the inevitable pull of New Year’s resolutions. This 2-day workshop will guide you through the Desire Map process specifically to create a new future for yourself – one that will have you feeling the way you always wanted to feel!When: mid January or early February 2015Time: TBDWhere: TBD. New York Metro AreaThis in person journey includes:+Desire Map workbook+ 2 days of recognizing, realizing, and committing to your possibly life shifting CDFs.+ Private Facebook group+ Other goodies like coffee, tea, mimosas & snacks+ Meeting a group of like-minded soulful women friends & cohortsInvestment: $350 per person – limited to 20 womenOption 3: Custom Desire Map Experience - I Come To You!Do you have something else in mind? Maybe a special event for your gal pals. Or a Corporate or Nonprofit gathering or just something really special and unique you want to have in your place or town.Here’s how it works:+ This is the same as the Option 2 in-person workshop, except you’ll be hosting The Desire Map Workshop in your own location or city and with your own friends or cohorts.+ YOU find the perfect space, and gather 10 to 20 of your tribe to participate.+ I fly or drive in and we spend 1-2 transformative days discovering Core Desired Feelings in an environment of love, support and fun. We can infuse something special to customize the experience to fit your event.+ Together, we create an experience your guests will never forget.+Recognizing, realizing, and committing to their possibly life shifting CDFs+We can discuss possible bulk order of The Desire Map book, workbook, and even the 2015 Desire Map Day Planner.Investment: TBDContact me to discuss desired time, location, etc. and see how we can bring it to life. Risks and challenges FAQs “I’ve never done any Desire Mapping, before. Will you go over the basics?” Absolutely. This group will be comprised of those who have and haven’t had experience with the process. “I’ve done the Desire Map, before, but I really love the idea of doing it with a group.” Perfect! We’d love to have you as you go even deeper on a second round. “Can you come and do a Desire Map workshop for a private group?” Possibly, if the dates and location work out for both of us. You would provide the location, space, and people and I’ll hold the workshop. See Option 3 for details and get in touch with me to discuss. What should I bring?” I’ll be emailing all participants prior to the workshop with a list of what to bring. It’ll be super-simple, though–dress comfortably (maybe let how you want to feel lead the way with your wardrobe options), bring something with which to write if journaling is your thing, and your copy of the Desire Map book, if you already own it. If you don’t own the Desire Map book, let me know and we’ll make sure that you have a copy. Our primary marketing strategy is to reach potential participants through partnership and "in-kind" online promotions and emails. If we are trending behind our goal we will start by asking our presenters to market the event more heavily through their social media channels and their websites. We will also create more give-away freebies for our marketing supporters to entice more people to check out our website. We will also consider some strategic and niche market-focused discounting. “Can I get a refund if I cancel? Because all Desire Map Workshop offerings are one-of-a-kind with limited spots that required extensive, personalized preparation, tickets are non-refundable. But they are transferable to another participant that you find, or to a different in-person/virtual offering. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter