Imagine your bank account credits you $86,400 each morning. At the end of each day what is not used is gone forever. What would you do? Draw out every cent, of course? Each of us has such a bank. Its name is TIME. Every morning, it credits you with 86,400 seconds. Every night it writes off whatever you failed to invest into a good purpose as lost. Every second wasted is a dollar gone FOREVER. Poof. How much will you lose in your lifetime?The WOLO Life reminds you that Time is Money, and to draw every single dollar, every single day. As seen on What is the WOLO Life Reminder? A visual timer showing you how much time you have left to live. It helps you get a better handle on your time and motivates you to spend it wisely. The Importance Tab - Counts down your life in seconds. Every second gone is gone FOREVER. Treasure it. Do something about it. BOLDLY live the life you deserve and desire! Don't look back and regret! Simply key in your date of birth and country of origin, and your WOLO Life Reminder will automatically start to run! It tells the time too The Urgency Tab - Counts down 3 important days for you. Displayed in number of days. Flexibility - Put it beside your bed, on your table, or hang it on the wall and start making every second count! Rewards Stretch Goals Why the WOLO Life Reminder?Have you ever: Procrastinated? "I don't really need to do it right now, I have time..." Failed to get a handle on time? "Wow it's 2016 already?" Settled for less? "I'm not ready to chase my dreams" Been distracted? "Web surfing, Social media, television, games..." Been lazy? "Just a little while more..." Not made time for loved ones? "I will visit my mom soon when I have the time..." Regretted? "All those years wasted. If only..." The WOLO Life Reminder helps you to get rid of ALL these issues. Imagine you knew you only had 1 year left to live. Wouldn’t that change your life? What would you do? Will you spend more time with your loved ones? Will you go and do the things you’ve always wanted to do? Somehow, when you know WHEN your life is going to end, you'll suddenly gain clarity, wisdom, and perhaps the desperation to choose to do the things that makes you happy. We have had enough of regrets, of what our lives could've been or should've been. That is why we've created the WOLO Life Reminder. How the WOLO Life Reminder came to beWhen we were younger, we experimented with our calculators. We deducted our current age against 70-odd years or however long we think we can live. Converted to seconds, the calculator barely has enough space to fill the numbers! However, looking at life in terms of seconds can be interesting, and made us realized there isn't very many to begin with, especially when "-1" is pressed continuously to simulate the seconds ticking away.It was as if somebody took our entire fortune, and started burning it dollar by dollar. Today we've all grown up understanding the importance of time, but can admit to coming up short. We lacked ways to overcome indecisiveness, stop procrastination and treasure time. Thinking back to our childhood we realized we have a solution all along. The more we worked on the WOLO Life Reminder, the more we started to learn about our perception of time itself. Everyone knows that time is important, yet good time management is difficult to accept and execute. We came to the conclusion that clever and interesting ways for people to integrate sound time management consistently into everyday life is extremely important. Exploded isometric projection of the WOLO Life Reminder Orthographic presentation of the WOLO Life Reminder Timeline How can you help? Your generous funding will help us realize the WOLO Life Reminder together. It will assist us with further developments, large component order, tooling and mechanical costs, manufacturing, assembly, further testing and production. It will also help us push further design implementations and features. A note on further developments: We are committed to continuous improvements, so even though the WOLO Life Reminder you see here is already a working prototype, we strive to improve its design, look and functions, making it the very best it can be. Above all WOLO Life Reminder needs your attention and interest! If you love this as much as we do then please take a moment to help us spread the word and get things started! We need $30,000 in order to break WOLO Life onto the market. That includes marketing, materials, labor and related expenses for the start-up. By coming on this journey with us, you also get the chance to be one of the first users of the WOLO Life Reminder! About us We are a group of friends with a passion to build and create ideas that would make an impact in everyone’s life. A simple idea like the WOLO Life Reminder can have the potential to positively impact many, and we believe this is just the beginning. We feel so so grateful to you, dear reader, who has taken the time to read our campaign. And those of you who contributed what you could to make a difference and help us spread the word.Find us on Facebook!https://www.facebook.com/WOLOTime/Thank you!“Unfortunately, the clock is ticking, the hours are going by. The past increases, the future recedes. Possibilities decreasing, regrets mounting.” ― Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance Risks and challenges The WOLO Life Reminder is our baby, and we have all put in a great deal of time and effort to ensure it comes to fruition. Our working prototype serves as a good testbed, and we would like to enhance the countdown feature to make it as realistic as possible. Battery life and length of wire are challenges that we face but we have found solutions to get it right. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter