HauntedPic - Duplicate App on the Android Platform for HalloweenWe just recently launched HauntedPic as an iOS application which you can buy for just $0.99 in the App Store. This app is compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch devices. The demand for this app on the Android platform is great. We need funds to invest in duplicating this application on the Android platform. We had to make a thousand dollars investment to create this app. We also invested money in advertising in different mediums. After testing different websites to promote the app, we were happy to find out that Facebook is the best medium to promote it. We were so glad to find out this because Facebook has such a viral nature. We have sold hundreds of copies already since our recent launch. We have also received several comments of people requesting a version of this app for the Android platform and this is where we need your help! We are looking to raise at least $7,000 for the professional development of this application for the Android platform. If this funding goal is exceeded, we will use the rest of the funds to promote/advertise the app on Facebook.There are many places around the world where not everyone can afford to have an iPhone or an iPad and they use Android mobile phones.Target date to launch app for sale: On or before Monday, October 31, 2016! (Halloween)Estimated development time to create the Android App: 10-15 daysNote: HauntedPic is not a seasonal product, but we believe using Halloween as a way to launch the Android version will be the most intelligent decision. HauntedPic is being sold every day of the year! About HauntedPicHauntedPic lets you place a REAL ghost in any of your pictures. The ghosts are real life looking. You can place the ghosts on pictures you take with your mobile phone or on any of your existing pictures. Inside the app, using the settings properly makes the ghosts look real. It's very important to use transparency. It's also important to have a sense of distance and closeness when placing the ghost and resizing it. In the end, you have all the settings and your creativity will make them look real in any given scenario. The app works during the day and also in the evenings (includes flash). Link to current HauntedPic on the App Store: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/hauntedpic/id1141588161?ls=1&mt=8Link of Google Play Store where we intend to sell the Android version: https://play.google.com/store?hl=enWhat are people saying about HauntedPic?People of ages 15-25 are raving about this app as you can see on the following screenshot taken from Facebook: The demand is evident; more so now with Halloween coming next door. Given the acceptance that this app has received so far, we would like to kickstart this project and take it to the next level. We need a version that can work on the Android platform.There is a huge demand for a version of this app on the Android platform based on discussions we have had with real users!People can't stop recommending this app on Facebook to their friends. Here are more comments from real users: Two reviews about HauntedPic from real customers (taken directly from the App Store): We are looking to raise at least $7,000 for the professional development of this application for the Android platform. If this funding goal is exceeded, we will use the rest of the funds to promote/advertise the app on Facebook.Please help us raise all the money with this 30 day campaign to launch the Android version for Halloween 2016. Many people around the world will appreciate it! HauntedPic T-shirt reward: If you pledge $50, we will send you HauntedPic T-shirt. Free shipping in USA and Canada. Low shipping cost in other locations! Note: HauntedPic is not a seasonal product, but we believe using Halloween as a way to launch the Android version will be the most intelligent decision. HauntedPic is being sold every day of the year! Extra links:Information about iOS (our current platform): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IOSInformation about Android (our requested platform): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Android_(operating_system) Risks and challenges The iOS application is already complete and has been properly tested before we launched it for sale. We have not received any complaints from real customers so far when it comes to the functionality of the app. We don't see any obstacles or challenges as far as creating a duplicate version of the iOS application for the Android platform. We have a talented developer who developed the version for iOS and should not have problems creating the same version for the Android platform. We have seen so many people sharing our Ad on their Facebook walls with their friends. People are recommending this app and we believe that through the creation of this Android version we will benefit many users. There are many places around the world where not everyone can afford to have an iPhone or an iPad and they use Android mobile phones.Thanks in advance! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter