Extending Our Sound - It's Electric!What would rock 'n' roll sound like if it was produced in the 1920s? On this next album we are going to show you. You never know when inspiration is going to strike. This summer we were performing for a gala fundraiser in Newport, Rhode Island. In the crowd were 500 people who needed to dance - not swing dance per se or any specific form of dance. They just needed to shake their booties and have a good time. To scratch their itch, we plugged in an electric guitar, added some drums and what happened next was incredible. The audience responded in the best possible way. They danced their pants off! Literally. Pants of all kinds were littering the dance floor. I'm exaggerating... it was only a few people that did that. My point is the place was seriously bumpin'. We played into the night, exploring this exciting new sound with a crowd of incredibly satisfied fans.New Songs - Lots Of 'EmAfter five CDs of traditional repertoire, we are ready to release an album of original songs. Whenever we've had the chance to play with this new configuration of musicians, and the more we explore this new electrified, drum-driven style, the question from the crowd is always, "Which CD is this on?" The answer always is, "The next one." Well, our next one is happening now - with your help. What's The Plan? Once the Kickstarter campaign is finished we're heading to the studio as soon as possible. Even though we perform nearly every day, we need rehearsals to fine tune the arrangements and get this new sound locked in. Our plan is to be in the studio in February. Mixing and mastering in March and ready for release for in late April. This way, all of you who can give to the campaign will receive the album hot off the presses before anyone else. Here's the breakdown of expenses:$500 - Rehearsal time$2000 - Studio time and mixing$1000 - Mastering$2500 - Album art, duplication, and download cards$500 - Rewards, incentives, merchandise$1000 - Photography and marketingStretch Goal - Vinyl, Baby!If we reach $8500 we will press a limited edition on good ol' beautiful vinyl. We will give anyone that donated $50 or more the option to change their reward to an LP, complete with glorious, full-size cover art. Risks and challenges The main challenge is an artistic one. We are mostly a live act and have honed what we do in front of live audiences for years. Making a CD in the recording studio is a much less forgiving atmosphere. Instead of releasing energy in a one-time, ephemeral moment we need to distill that moment into specific version of each song that you are going to want to hear again and again. Knowing we have your support in this is an incredible help and sincerely appreciated. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter