Hello Everyone! My name is JanineMarie and I am a published Photographer based out of Southern California - but I wasn't always a photographer. I started as a mom with a new baby and a Point and Shoot camera I got for Christmas in 2003. I loved taking photos - capturing the memories of her first steps, park trips, her favorite zoo trip and birthdays. One day I knew she would be all grown and I'd want to remember these days. I had a big dream to be able to capture the memories for other families too! Fast forward a few jobs and 2 more kids later and found myself in the position to do what I loved and work with families and children and do great sessions for a lot of wonderful people - many which come back to me year after year! I have a wonderful support system in my family and the women that I have met and been empowered by! Makeup Artists, Models, Business owners and my wonderful family have all been there for me and now I want to be able to create a place where we can all work together to build a space to collaborate and grow!We have found an affordable 2800 sq foot retail space that would create 2 studio spaces, a retail area, a salon style setup for our Hair and Makeup artists and a reception area for clients to wait. This would enable us to take our clients to a professional space but ALSO allow us to promote local business owners AND local artists! We plan to allow small business owners who cannot afford major retail space to display their wares within our Studio for a small fee. We also plan on allowing local artists to display their artwork in our studio and planning small scale meet-and-greet events for them and local music artists to perform and promote within our studio once a month. We also plan to offer space for local designers to put on fashion shows and use the large parking area for local boutique vendors and crafters to host Craft Boutiques in the spring!The biggest hurdle for me is the large deposit they want - we have already come up with the equipment and monthly fees, it's the large deposit I am asking you - fellow dreamers and memory keepers, friends and family, to help with. The artists, stylists, musicians and small business owners we want this Studio to incorporate do not have the funds to help, and so, we turn to you. Thank you so much for reading my story and thank you for anything you can do to help me build this next step in my dream! Risks and challenges Our biggest risk would be finding the small business owners/stylists and photographers to rent out the affordable spaces we create - we have networked for many years and built personal relationships with many people. I plan on tackling this potential problem (and have already started) by allowing vendors to sign up for a spot, first come first serve. We have most of the spaces already spoken for and are accruing a waiting list now. This is a need in our local small business area and we are really confident that we will be able to fill these spaces with the interest we got already! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter