I am trying to complete the recording, manufacturing and distribution of my first Country music album in over 7 years and I need your help to do it. With any album there is so much that goes in to it. First, there is writing and picking the songs. Then recording them, then mix and master. Then you need to print them and distribute them. There are marketing costs, video costs, etc all that go into getting the album to the public. I need help covering these costs and am asking you to help me finish the album and get it out - all the while having really cool unique experiences along the way! We have already picked the songs and started working on them as you can see in the video. Some of them I co-wrote and others where just such standouts I had to record them. Here are the song titles - we are really excited and think you will love this collection:1. Beautiful Love Song2. Sugar3. I Can't4. Lies I Told Myself * (The Title Track!!)5. Even When She's Gone6. Slow Moving Memory7. I Am The Man8. Whatever This Day Wants To Give Us9. I'm In Love With You10. Love WinsOnce we meet our kickstarter goal, we plan to use some of the funds to film another video with our favorite director, Steven Goldmann! And this one you can even appear in if you pick the video cameo package! As always, I am so thankful for all of my friends and fans out there. You make it all worth while. I love you, guys!!! Thank you so very much for your support! God bless! Risks and challenges Once the album funding is completed there will be a series of steps taken: finish the recording, design of packaging, manufacturing and distribution of the project. With the proper funding that schedule should run smoothly, but there are always unexpected challenges that can present themselves along the way. The team of people I will be working with have the expertise to help me avoid or overcome those unexpected challenges, so I am hoping that there won't be any unnecessary delays. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter