Power Clean Online will be a health and fitness distributing and resource website. The company will be 100% a web based business. PCO is designed to help fitness and health-oriented individuals to achieve free access to both nutrition and fitness plans, be updated on the most current health/food/exercise news and information, track their own daily health and fitness, engage in health forums through a social media based browser, search local farmers markets and small business in their area, and purchase clean, organic and non-organic, minimally processed health food and alternatives, as well as apparel. PCO is dedicated to creating a safe place for individuals of all fitness/health backgrounds/levels, goals, types of sports/exercise, and food preferences, to have a place to feel welcomed, encouraged, stimulated, and prosperous. Our members include runners, weight lifters, yogis, cardio rats, athletes, dancers, walkers, power-lifters, and those just looking to be healthy. PCO is unique in that we attempt at breaking down media-driven ideas of how individuals ‘should’ look, ‘should’ eat, or ‘should work-out’ and instead help individuals to find what works for them, makes them feel healthy, and well. We are highly dedicated to supporting small businesses and those that are using clean products, little to no processing, and support healthy living. At PCO we do not believe in a ‘one-size-fits all’ mentality and instead encourage our members to find what lifestyle works for them; whether that is vegan, vegetarian, GAPS, Paleo, Atkins, etc., or a combination. With the media plastering images of how men and women ‘should’ look; it is easy to follow a plan or lifestyle that goes against what our body really needs. We are all designed differently; biologically, health related, daily lifestyles, culture, location, preferences, etc., so it is our hopes that PCO can offer the general public a new alternative to embracing healthy alternatives and varieties that work for them! Who are we? Good Question. Well, in short- We are individuals who have struggled on and off with issues related to body image, disordered eating, media influence, and conforming. In the world today, it is so easy to get pigeon holed into one way of living, eating, and exercising and be left confused and frustrated. We refuse to let this happen to us anymore and are dedicated to helping others to see that they can live a happy and healthy lifestyle that is tailored to their body, their mind, and their way of life. Wether that is powerlifting or doing yoga, being vegan, paleo, or eating all things in moderation. It's your body, you do what works for you. We just want to help you get there! This is a rough outline just to give you a quick idea of the future website's features: When page opens; box ‘sign up to get free stuff!' About Power Clean Become a member/ LOG-IN MyTracker (members online) daily workouts daily food intake weight tracker picture uploads road blocks victories Clean eating (nutrition) strictly protein shakes recipe database by meals by food groups (fruit, veg, milk, meat, etc.) recipes database by health lifestyle (paleo, vegan, etc.) alternatives by category Work out of the day (posted daily by PC) Training workout plans for your day cardio exercise database/lifting: muscle groups Tips/Advice Personal Training becoming one finding one PC’S NEWS; health related current research/articles (updated DAILY) LETS TALK (members only) post your work out today post victories, road blocks, questions, advice Find Your Farmer (search feature to find local farmers markets in your area) Search Small Business (search feature to find local small businesses in the health field) Store raw food alternatives apparel Contact Ambassadors *members will get weekly emails about health related news, updates, new products and discounts, store and market openings in their area, etc. Our store will grow as we kick off and depending upon what our web users, members, and customer's want; we will continue to add new products! PC's store will include a wide variety of clean protein powders, raw food bars, trail mix, grass fed products, nut butters, oils and alternatives ranging from pre-work outs, vitamins, probiotics to herbal's. All of our products will come from our carefully picked partnered vendors. Apparel will include our PC designer work out clothing and we hope to partner with other ego-friendly fitness clothing lines to bring you a wide variety of apparel. Store List Break Down: Items to be sold… 1.Protein Powders paleo vegan soy gluten free 2. Alternatives probiotics fish oils joints multi-vitamins cleanse creatine beta-alanine L-Glutamine Recovery powders 3.Raw Food Bars (protein and raw) Trail mix Nut butters Bread varieties 4.Clothing Web Designer: We have interviewed and picked our top choice web designers and have found a consensus that our website will be built in < 5 months for a total price of $16,000. Wholesale kick off purchases: In order for us to stock our store with all of the awesome products for our customers to buy, we need your help to purchase our initial inventory of goods. We estimate this to be $3,000.Help us put the pieces together. We thank you! Risks and challenges Honestly, we are most concerned with getting the finances we need to kick start this awesome project. Also, our dog, Bodie, may end up eating many of our products...So, that could potentially be an issue. Just Kidding. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter