Goal: So i am trying to follow my dream of music. I am currently advertising myself for hire, as a D.J. But my ultimate passion, is in music production. With my severely limited funds, disabled mother and family. There really is nowhere for me to turn, to raise the required amount; to acquire my equipment. The base for my goal, is essentially, $4,500. That covers the physical equipment, taxes, and accessible transportation. This is the minimum required, to get myself off the ground. Software is currently covered by included licenses that are included with equipment. Both the equipment i already have, and plan to get. The rest of the goal, is accounting for shipping, taxes and services; to ship out the rewards. Rewards are subject to change, as i find out what i can and cannot accomplish, as an independent artist; without a label. Sadly, with creative works, guaranteed dates of completion, are nearly impossible. Any artist can attest to that, no matter how famous they are. Using the equipment, i would like to produce my first official track. A new sub genre of Electronic Dance Music, if i can. I have a ton of idea's, on a daily basis. But no way of putting them to action. I would like to create a sub genre, that will be known for a sort of Chill sound, like that of the genre Psychill. As an alternative style, incorporating industrial sounds, into a grungy electronic/disco beat rythm. Anything from machinery from a factory, to steam powered engines. To generate a sort of Steampunk Theme, in an EDM sound. Secondary Goals: As i have heard a lot of goals receive more then it's intended amount. I do have stretch goals. If i manage to receive adequate funding, i will take it as a personal interest in my ideas, and attempt a full track album. Plus, as an added bonus.For agreement purposes to the Kickstarter owners. I will not provide a public link. Donations over the amount required for my project, will be directly given back to my community, in the form of supporting my local children's hospital. To ensure that no one feels they are just trying to line my pockets, with your money. If i can make it in the production field, as an independent artist. I will continue that pledge, out of all of my earnings. If you made it this far, i personally and humbly; thank you for taking the time. Risks and challenges On the topic of addressing challenges. Let me just say this. "When you've hit rock bottom, the only place left to go, is up." I've been in music since elementary school, and was top of my class, in studies and determination. I led my entire section, from elementary, to freshman year. I know i have the creativity, and the talent; to follow through with something i enjoy. Music has been in my family, for generations. As well as determination, against slim odds. If my grandfather were still on this planet, I'm sure he'd be happy to know i am at least trying, to carry on. As far as other projects. I have been working on creative writing, acting (l.a.r.p), costume design, and prop building, since i was old enough to write and handle scissors. I've never left a project unfinished, and i don't plan to start now. You can find me on facebook, and see a small fraction, of some of my creative projects and literature. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter