In modern America, it's very hard to face the truths within our current economical state: even for those who work hard at achieving the best for themselves via college education, many still face a difficult time grasping their career paths afterward. The main character in my new film project BOOK OF JUDAS faces this among his many personal dilemmas. His name is Noah, and he's spiraling further and further away from the life he would consider a success. But is this because of the society he lives within or of his own doing? Is his current depression responsible for these string of failures? This is what our hero is trying to figure out. BOOK OF JUDAS gathers its title from the main character's connection with his faith. Born and raised Catholic, he naturally feels like his natural homosexual feelings make him a betrayer to his Lord and the teachings he has been raised to follow through with. Within iconography, the Biblical figure known most prominently for betraying Christ is the disciple Judas - and the opening monologue spoken over the bleeding city lights of Cincinnati, Ohio (his hometown in which he never wanted to return) speaks at high volumes concerning Noah's personal sympathy for the character. "I don't mean to be evil", he informs. "But it's always lived here. And I still love Him." And this is only one development of Noah's character beneath the actual narrative that BOOK OF JUDAS plants itself so deeply into. At the surface, while Noah's personal conflicts take their strongest tolls, he finds himself slowly becoming involved with a strange young male hustler he meets in a public restroom. What was supposed to be a one-night sexual fling slowly turns into something darker and more mysterious. The figure, whose name is never mentioned and whom never speaks a word, slowly begins to appear to Noah within his everyday life. The stalker never puts Noah off, however, and the two slowly begin more sexual escapades together that slowly approach the physically violent and emotionally painful. There's something about this hustler that isn't completely gathered; something almost inhuman about him. Noah's discovery of what this stranger really is may in fact be the answer to his own existential questions. The many elements and layers within the framework of this story have been on my mind for years. Ever since growing up and watching (and falling passionately in love with) cinema of various genres and technique, I've always been attracted to the visual language of the artform. I remember the first time I saw Kenneth Anger's Scorpio Rising at the age of 17 and being so hypnotized by his aesthetic. The director had absolute no interest in dialogue or conventional plot structure and, through his low-budget constraints, made a film that was monumental in its visual language: a concoction of queer culture that was masculine and defined so eloquently by the 50s-rebellion iconography of James Dean. More filmmakers from Andy Warhol and Paul Morrissey (their masterwork Flesh) to Gus Van Sant (My Own Private Idaho) further illustrated such a refreshing take on the complex image: a man's machoism not being defined by their sexuality, or vice versa.The aforementioned auteurs have left a profound impression on me, and over the years it has been their influence that has had me developing these ideas for so long. BOOK OF JUDAS doesn't follow the familiar three-act structure of narrative form (something heavily taken from the films of Anger) and, instead, aligns itself into the territory of what has recently been labeled by some as the 'tone poem' (again, Anger falls into this). It's not a film lacking any plot or character development, but it's also free-spirited in approach - the camera never feels the need to settle on one moment at all times. The editing of sequences doesn't always necessarily make total sense upon first viewing, either; a trait heavily inspired by Warhol/Morrissey and something I've utilized in the majority of my no-budget work within the past few years. Concerning sound: narration sometimes drowns out the conversations and overlaps with dialogues both past and present within the pastiche of the story's time frame. Viscerally, BOOK OF JUDAS will be constructed to match Noah's state-of-mind via the use of both the visual and aural design. So it sounds relatively simple to do, right? Well, not completely. I feel that, unlike the past work I've done in which I've aimed at similar styles (the use of fractured editing within my 2011 film Cleaners definitely echoes the kind of rhythmic cutting I want for this project) - BOOK OF JUDAS is going to be a more difficult work to tackle. For this filmmaker who used to relish in the fact that he made "no-budget cinema", I can't help but feel I'll need more than myself to help bring this one to fruition. That, and the motion picture organically is and always has been a group effort. I want this to be the best it can be and thoroughly match how I envision it in my head.The filming process will surely be a quick shoot (anywhere from a couple of days to a week) and will largely be shot guerrilla-style in my hometown of Cincinnati. I have a cast that needs to be hired - including the two leading characters (Noah and the hustler, which both require ballsy and risk-taking performers), a cinematographer who will successfully capture the look I have imagined for the picture, a musical composer that will match the film's tone with a score and possibly even an original song, and a makeup artist who can create the hallucinatory gore that the film's climax culminates in. Among the cast and crew, I've already managed to have my super-talented and very good friend Joe Hackman as co-writer. With his superbly similar connection to the material, he helped develop the project into a more superior form and achieved a final scene that defined further why I feel the urge to bring this story to light. Many actors and artists are currently circling around many of the positions, as well. The thing is, I naturally understand anybody not wanting to do this for free; they want to know if this will actually have a backbone before the camera starts rolling and they contribute.The other big thing concerning the help I need is in getting this work into the public's eye once it has been completed. The internet world can help quite a lot in getting some views here and there, but nobody really completely trusts Youtube and Vimeo to completely showcase the work of an aspiring filmmaker. Submission fees for film festivals aren't necessarily small in price, and when it comes to submitting to as many as possible, it becomes all the more pricey. I feel like BOOK OF JUDAS is the first project that I want to send out to film festivals across the country (or, hell, the world) in order to get more notice, not just for myself and my cast/crew, but for the story itself; one of which I feel many would be able to personally identify with. This story comes from very personal places and the character of Noah is practically standing in as a doppelganger for my own personal tribulations I have (and still minimally do) face within my life. His aspirations and fears of failure in his future connect strongly with myself and, universally, to many people who have a passion to live a certain dream. Let's make this one happen. Facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/BookofJudasMUBI page (for Douglas Reese): http://mubi.com/cast_members/315940CREWDouglas Reese ... DirectorJoe Hackman, Douglas Reese ... WritersJohn Moran ... CinematographerDouglas Reese ... EditorOPEN ... Makeup EffectsCassie Burkhart ... MusicCASTOPEN ... Noah HartfordOPEN ... The HustlerMicaela Kjellman ... Delilah AshbyOPEN ... Laura HartfordOPEN ... Jeremiah HartfordOPEN ... Interviewer #1OPEN ... The FatherNOTE: During the 20 days that the Kickstarter is in effect, the rest of the cast and crew will be brought together and new members will be credited here on the page - as well as announced via the project's updates page. Risks and challenges The biggest challenge will be the construction of the project's cast and crew. However, the credits have boosted from just myself attached to quite a few hired in the past two weeks - which is a great pace! After all positions are filled, the biggest challenge will be getting the project done - but I feel I have the passion and the good-eye for a great team who will bring this to light the way I feel it. Beyond that, the next big challenge will be getting it into the festival circuit - and having it screen in as many places as possible throughout the year 2014! We got this, people. We can do this! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter