"Eli Over Darkness" takes a look at the question which we all ask ourselves at one point or another, "What does life mean if it's only temporary?" by peering into the life of a teenager struggling with clinical depression. Diagnosed with depression, 17 year old Eli attempts to live a normal life while memories of his deceased mother continue to haunt him. This drama follows Eli as he fights off anger, sadness, and confusion with the help of his friends, father, and therapist.PUNKS!Eli and his friends have recently formed their own punk rock band. Though they may have tough, intimidating exteriors, with studded jackets, band patches, and tattoos, the compassion of these teens may just be enough to lift Eli out of his darkened state. THE FILMMAKERSJames Bachelor - DirectorSince he was old enough to pick up a VHS camcorder, James has been making movies. James collaborates with his brother Alan on scripts, film ideas and other creative work. The dynamic brother duo also plays music and writes songs, some of which will be featured in the film. A senior at Chapman University's Dodge College of Film and Media Arts in Orange, California, James is pursuing a B.F.A. in Film Production and an English Minor. James is very involved on the college campus, holding leadership positions both in his fraternity and on the Improv team. James is fully committed to any task or challenge thrown his way. He's been developing "Eli Over Darkness" with his brother for roughly a year now and it will be his Senior Thesis.Jessica Herman - ProducerJessica's desire and passion to work in the film industry began her freshman year of high school. She grew up in California and North Carolina pursuing a second passion, Highland Dancing. Now a Senior at Chapman University's Dodge College of Film and Media Arts, she is completing her B.F.A in Creative Producing with a minor in Advertising. She strives to become a film producer with a focus on themes such as romance and family, and she hopes to inspire people through her films. A hard worker, Jessica always seizes any occasion to learn new skills that will make her a great producer and an overall good person. Casey Stolberg - CinematographerAs a cinematographer, Casey's passion is to create imagery that captures and enlivens the emotional moments of a story. In doing so, he seeks to push the boundaries of the conventional frame. He works to find innovative and organic construction in compositional and lighting design, inspiring powerful connections in human feeling. Casey has shot several short films and music videos, and is thrilled to be lensing "Eli Over Darkness".Alan Bachelor - WriterAlan Blake Bachelor has been helping his brother James make films from a very young age. He is currently studying drama at UC Irvine and has been part of many plays and musical productions. In his free time, Alan enjoys creative writing and writing music. He often writes short stories and screenplays. His band "Innerday Alarm" is set to release an EP in the near future. He's collaborating with his brother to write original songs for "Eli Over Darkness." Alan's poured his heart and soul into the script and is continuing to work on it, making it the best it can possibly be. Risks and challenges One of the biggest challenges we face will be finding the perfect locations to tell the story. This will be especially difficult when it comes to determining the right exterior locations. Several crucial scenes take place outside at night and getting these locations permitted at these times will be a challenge. How will we tackle this problem? By starting our location search as soon as possible and combing through dozens, potentially hundreds of locations to find just the right ones as well as finding desirable back up locations. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter