Hi,My name is Isaias Perez.I started this project as a "Fun project" about 8 weeks ago, and it was all fun and games until i saw how good it looked, and how close i felt to the "future" with the effect it gave out. As many of us probably have tried, i made this with a CD case first, long story short i ended up cutting myself twice... Gave up and tried it with a softer plastic, Which looked great.Here is a 360 of the VIVID: VIVID 360 Here is the final product the VIVID in action: You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Here is the Holapex LIGHT in action: You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Then i thought, why not make this a product, and share it with the rest of the world! However, in a sturdier, and more high quality material, than a soft, flimsy film sheet. FINAL After 40+ prototypes, 15+ different shapes, 20+ different dimensions and 650+ hours of blueprinting and designing, i have created the neatest, and cleanest Hologram reflector with the best angle for reflection, for TABLETS. Perfect for IPads, and tablets up to 11 inches! I called it the Holapex VIVID. (Which you can see in the video, a 10 inch tablet being used) This Hologram pyramid measures about 5.5 inches wide on each side, and about 3.2 inches tall. How is this Hologram pyramid different than others?Unlike other holograms I've seen, this hologram has the perfect angle to give the best reflection and as clear as possible with the least double blur possible. The main point of a hologram effect, is to give it that "floating in mid air" effect, which this pyramid does great, because it reflects on crystal clear walls, unlike others that have a smoky or darker material that not only make it look like just a "reflection" instead of giving it the hologram effect, but are also, super expensive and are too small to display on new modern 4"-6" inch smartphone screens.Double use!We will be re-enforcing the bottom base, to support more weight, as the pyramid will be able to be used in two different ways, originally i was thinking the pyramid would be over the device, however we also tested that by flipping the pyramid upside down, and using the bottom base as the "holder" for the tablets or phones would give the same effect, but you would not show where the image or reflection would be coming from, giving it a more hologram-ic effect! Here is an idea of what i mean. Device over pyramid And like this: Bottom UPDATE: This is the base, it gives a better balance and by having the center piece be the exact size as the middle of the pyramid, it gives more re-enforcement and feel more stable. FINAL I am currently working on a Smartphone version, and will have it complete sometime this week. It will give the same effect as the Holapex VIVID, but will focus more on smaller screens, from 3"-6" inches diagonally. This will be called the Holapex LIGHT. It will work for IPhones, Android phones and Windows phones, or in other words, any screen smaller than 6" inches. I contacted a manufacturing company and have provided a sample of the Holapex VIVID (Shown on the video) and currently are working on the smartphone version the Holapex LIGHT. After thinking of different ways of building this pyramid, i came up with the best current way for storing, shipping and displaying the pyramid. The pyramid will be made out of 6 parts, the 4 clear sides, top black hat, and the bottom legs. This will easily be assembled within a minute or two. Each pyramid will have a logo printed on the black hat with their name LIGHT, or VIVID.The reason for this way of design, is to make it more economically, easier, and safer to ship! light and vivid There are a lot of YouTube videos that will work for this hologram, or you can make one yourself ( if you're a pro video editor). However, i know not everyone (including myself) know much about video editing, therefor i came up with a plan that will make it possible to create an app for Android and IOS, where you can easily upload a video from your gallery on your smartphone, and create your own videos! THIS WILL ONLY BE POSSIBLE IF THE PROJECT REACHES $1,000+ . VIDEO APP Currently the Holapex Sample is on its way here, it should be arriving mid October, as well as the Smartphone version Holapex LIGHT. Once that gets here, i will update with more pictures, videos and information about the hologram.As you can tell i have worked really hard and i would love to see this project come to life! and for everyone else that backs it to enjoy the awesome hologram effect it gives! All your friends and family will be shocked! and amazed!Help from: http://kickingitforward.org Risks and challenges The only challenge at the moment, is meeting the goal to mass produce this product! I had a meeting face to face with the manufacturing company, and they confirmed, that it is possible to produce as many Holograms as this project needs without delaying. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter