From the twisted mind of Brian Melso, Making Pretend Productions' Co-Director/Writer, '29 Alexander' is a short horror film that promises to leave you baffled. Co-directing with film veteran Michael Chuney, Melso and company have been working diligently in the pre-production process and need your help to make it happen! This Horror/Thriller film brings a new look into the zombie genre and it guarantees to leave you speechless.Like all zombie films, there is a strong underlining theme that is very present. Glenn, our lead character, finds himself having to choose between his life and his families. This is only the start! After we wrap in post-production, we will be submitting this to film festivals all over the country and the world! Your help in funding this will help us SO MUCH. Your contributions will be paying for the long day of shooting. This includes paying the all crew, cast, equipment, craft services, location, and also the props and all that delicious blood. 100% of your support will be on the screen! We are so happy to say that we have an AMAZING cast lined. Our cast and crew BELIEVE in this film and we want you to believe in it, too. We are all so excited to begin rehearsal and filming!So check out our campaign video to get a glimpse into Making Pretend and the creation of our Teaser Pilot to help raise awareness of our featured short.Thank you so much for your help, love, and support! Risks and challenges With the ball rolling and over hundreds of hours already put into this project, the obstacles that we will come up will not be hard to overcome. We have an extremely talented cast/crew and have been working together on projects for some time. Having filmed the Teaser Pilot, we are all ready to continue and finish this film! Like any film, problems will arise, but the experience/expertise we all bring to the table will only help us overcome them. ALSO, your amazing support and contributions will only help our process! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter