What other backers sayDerek Sivers (founder CD Baby): "Cool! I just contributed.."Sir Jordi: "awesome music! I hope you reach the goal!"Sam Blazek: "Good luck with it, hope to see the release!".hopefully more comments soon....My Background Born in 1971 Maassluis, the Netherlands I grew up listening to all kinds of music (Jarre, Vangelis, Queen, etc.). With my old synthesizer, a Korg Poly Six, I imitated every tune I heard on the radio. I started to make songs and decided to put them on the internet (mp3.com). The response was overwhelming and after a year I was actually making money with it. With 2,5 million listens to my music it was getting quite known and I started to get some offers for different releases, I did some and declined some. I resigned my day job and started composing and producing fulltime. When mp3.com stopped I started my own music label DZOS Records where I released two albums under my aka Rody Coronel.Mixed Feelings (click the picture to listen) andCoffee Moment (click the picture to listen) I also released several of my uptempo tracks as digital singles but never came around to releasing my uptempo tracks as an album..Goal of this projectTo release a best of album with my best uptempo melodic trance track. Below you will find the tracks that I have in mind for this. There is litterally over thousand hours work in these tracks and it would be great to see those together on a compilation album. Please remember that the final sound quality of the tracks on the album will be a lot better since they will undergo a professional mastering job first.The track list:1. Strings in Trance 4:41 2. Let it Burn 3:16 3. Johan Pachelbel's Canon in D major 4:28 4. !Exclamation 3:09 5 Time Machine 4:32 6. Babylon Menace 4:02 7. Freedom 5:06 8. Tribal 4:18 9. Maxber 4:50 10. String Express 4:32 11. Start the Motion 4:34 12. Think About 4:04 13. Strike One 4:16 14. Catch 5:02 15. Kein Anschluss 4:41 16. BlackJack 3:25 .What needs to be done1. Dig up all the original masters of the tracks2. Get them professionally mastered all together to get a harmonious blend. (I have a very good mastering engineer in mind who has mastered for top artists.)3. Get the artwork and booklet done, also got a professional lined up for that whom has delivered great work for me before.4. Send everything of to the CD pressing plant 5. Getting the pressed CDs back and package everything6. Send everything out to you people!.Please share my project with friends and family.FAQWill this be a physical CD or a download?This will be a physical CD, pressed at a CD plantWhat will be the total playing time?Somewhere around 65 minutesAre the mixed feelings and the coffee moment albums physical CDs?Yes, physical CDs pressed at a CD plant Risks and challenges The only risk or challenge that I see is the time factor but I have dealt with this before and I am sure I have planned everything with a reasonable time margin in mind. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter