UPDATE: DON'T WANT A REWARD? YOU CAN NOW BACK US FOR JUST €1.Why Pecco?We all know this feeling: you want to get out, but you have no idea what to do. Because of a lack of inspiration, you just stick to everyday activities, such as watching a movie, going to a bar or playing videogames. Of course you would like to do something much more awesome... A personalised activity for youSo, we invented the solution: Pecco. Based on your preferences, Pecco takes care of the creativity: it selects just one surprising activity for you, with just one option: let's do it! Whether it’s for right now, tonight or next week. How it works...Imagine: you stay in Paris, you love dancing and you feel like going out tonight. Just tell Pecco how you feel, shake your phone and receive a surprising suggestion. Pecco App screenshots Examples of Pecco 'cards': PARIS: Join the dancers on the left bank of Port St. Bernard tonight to perfect your salsa, tango, waltz or swing! NEW YORK: Forget skydiving and bungee jumping - learn the art of trapeze at the Trapeze School New York. LONDON: It’s the perfect weather to sit back and watch a movie under the stars in the Luna Cinema. What makes Pecco unique?There are a lot of guides, apps and websites showing local activities. The problem: they offer you big databases you have to search manually, which can be quite time consuming.Pecco is totally different. Due to our smart tagging system we are able to give you just one great idea that exactly matches your personality and mood. Pecco surprises you like no other app or website can do.The launch of PeccoWe haven't decided yet which city (or cities?) will be the first to launch Pecco. Will it be our hometown Utrecht? Or London, Paris, Tokyo or New York? Of course our backers have influence in this decision... What about launching in the city with the highest amount of backers?Our revenue modelOur main revenue model is called 'Selective Advertising'. This means that there will be paid content, but only if it completely matches our criteria. It's crucial that we are always able to provide you an exciting, surprising idea.A little extra background information...In the weekend of 16-17-18 January we had a bootcamp weekend with the Simplefly team. During this weekend this app idea was born. We immediately started brainstorming, sketching, concepting and designing. Just a few days later we launched this Kickstarter campaign.Simplefly is a dutch digital agency that creates digital concepts for major Dutch clients, but also develops own concepts. Pecco is one of them and we are quite confident Pecco will have great impact. Our team during the weekend Pecco was born... We need you to back us!For now, Pecco is just a concept. We need you to bring this app to life. The app will be completely free to download and use, but we have created some nice rewards for our investors.What we offer our backersOf course becoming a backer will give you a well heard voice in the Pecco-community. Every backer will be visible on our in-app Wall of Fame.From a €20 investment we will also offer you an Angel account, which means you get an in-app VIP-treatment: A special Angel status icon on your Pecco profile; Special Angel-only offers in the first year; Early updates and access to new and special features. Besides that we offer a wide variety in options: from an inspirational t-shirt (from €100) to an exclusive activity brainstorm with the Pecco team. The Pecco t-shirt for our €100+ backers! Enough reasons to join? Please do not hesitate to ask questions or provide suggestions. We need you, not only your money :) Risks and challenges Building a working app requires the right skills. We (Simplefly) are experienced in designing and building websites, web applications and mobile apps. Pecco is a really simple app in which unique and surprising content is key. Our biggest challenge will be to have great content in place by the time we launch the app. We will build in some functionality so that we can use ideas from the crowd to add to the app. We will check all the ideas from the crowd to keep the quality of the app high. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter