Overview: I offer video classes in Economics that are intuitive, visually pleasing and theoretically sound. Students will find in my videos a satisfying complement to their books and classes that will enhance their understanding of economic principles. Classes will not only help students understand these concepts but they will also improve their capacity to succeed in their exams and homework.Classes are not limited to a specific book or style. I use a general approach that is consistent with most introductory economic books. Classes have been customized to the need of different levels of learners and range from casual learners to undergraduates majoring in Economics.Objective:Through both a visual and auditory learning experience, these videos are meant to give learners an intuitive and yet rigorous explanation of basic Economic concepts. The target markets are students majoring in Economics as well as non-Economics students taking prerequisite (or elective) courses in Economics.I aim at providing university-level courses at a price that is affordable for learners having access to the internet. My current projections are between $1 and $3 per person for an entire course, including support videos (extra examples and mathematical analysis). I will offer the first unit of each course for free in order to give learners a chance to see if the material is helpful for their needs. In the case of the course Microeconomics, that means seven (7) classes freely available for everyone. Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B26Vj28mgjQChannel: https://www.youtube.com/user/ProfessorProvencherFormat:Students are first presented with a simplified approach to a problem, followed by a graphical explanation that is strongly supported by relevant examples (which are themselves additional videos). Classes will also be cross-linked to help students grasp the relationship between concepts. Links are optimized to avoid taking students too far into the theory and to avoid confusion. With regards to language, I will provide these video classes and all relevant material in English, French, and Spanish.Current Stage:I have published an introduction video in order to present the different services that will be offered in the near future. The video as well as more information can be found on the website: www.ProfessorPro.net (under “Classes”)For now, I am focusing on completing the "Core Concepts" level for the course Microeconomics. This course has 32 core classes of approximately 10 minutes each. Each class includes examples and mathematical analysis to help learners understand economic theory and real-life events.I currently need financing to get this project off the ground. I have put a video on the main page of the website. That video will be revamped on a regular basis, following the development of this project.Thank you for making this project possible. I believe that university level education should be more affordable than it is in most countries. Your contribution will help learners around the world make sense of Economic events surrounding their lives. Risks and challenges Once the project has been financed, it will be a simple matter of transferring my class material to the format of these videos. I have already prepared a few classes and have already gone through the process of designing and perfecting my blueprints. The first unit of MicroEconomics will be offered for free (seven videos). The next step, which is to take all these video classes and convert them into apps, will be the most challenging part for me. I don't have any expertise in programming but I know a good number of people that do. I will focus on finding a person or a company that can be trusted with Intellectual Property (most of it of my own creation) and deadlines. I will look in Peru, Canada, the USA, and Europe to find the right service. I am going to upload an update video on a regular basis (on ProfessorPro,net) in order to let you know how much progress I make. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter