Guatemala: A Photo ProjectIn the Summer of 2015, I will be traveling to Guatemala, to a city called Huehuetenango. The first time I traveled to Guatemala, during the Summer of 2014, I went to help at a small orphanage in the same city, which is about six hours West of Guatemala City. The experience was life changing, of course, and myself and my wife intend to re-visit on a yearly basis. This coming trip, I plan to do some photography work while I am there, recording my travels from Guatemala City as we drive to Huehuetenango, documenting the trip, the places we visit and stop along the way, etc. These places will consist of: Guatemala City, Huehuetenango, Lake Atitlan, Panajachel, as well as other small towns along the way. There may also be small trips taken to Antigua or Tikal, although these are currently not planned and are far away from the path I will be traveling, so there's no telling whether that will happen or not until I arrive. The final images will be put into a hand bound portfolio and offered to several collection-based museums around Philadelphia and New York. Huehuetenango What will the funds be used for?First and foremost, the funds WILL NOT be used for the trip or traveling. Them expenses are already paid for. I don't want anyone thinking that the donations are for some sort of vacation. The funds will be used for the photography, printing, shipping expenses, etc. The majority of the funds will be given directly to the orphanage in which I am visiting, More Than Compassion. So this project is not just for me to make artwork, but to give back to the organization that I support and sponsor. Interested in a reward besides the ones offered?If so, just ask. I will make custom rewards for anyone who is interested. If interested in many of the photographs, I will also consider a bulk order discount. Interested in photographs besides the ones that I am offering? Again, just ask. I have selected some of the best photographs from my first trip. However, if you are interested in something more specific, I can attempt to capture that for you when I return in (about) six months. I can't make any guarantees, but I will certainly give it my best. If interested, I will also include a letter written by myself, talking about the image you selected and giving information about the story behind it (with backers who get a reward of an 11" x 17" photograph only). Must also mention that you want the information / letter. Mountains in Huehuetenango Gloria. (All sales from this print will go directly to this girl) Sheep herder in mountains Market in Panajachel Market in Panajachel #2 Market in Panajachel #3 Stray dog Huehuetenango Rooftops (b&w) Volcanoes while traveling outside of Guatemala City Volcano in Guatemala City Abandoned House on Top of Mountains Dog on Rooftop, Huehuetenango Male Sheep Herder on top of Mountains Clouds on Top of Mountains Mayan Ruins in Huehuetenango Mayan Ball Court, Huehuetenango Mayan Ruins #2, Huehuetenango Tree & Volcano, Guatemala City Wall of Hands Risks and challenges Traveling is a bit of a challenge, as it is quite uncomfortable and a long trip. However, having completed the trip before, it should pose as no real problem. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter