Okay! Before we begin, we understand what you may be thinking here: "Another web-series! It won't go anywhere!" (Please note: the link TO the project in question is at the bottom of this description) And yes, it is a tough task, and many fail. We considered all of that when we started this project but, this project is more to us than "just a web-series" and "just another comedy" that may not be the sort of thing certain people enjoy. To us it is a labour of love; a dream come true; and over 20 years of dedication and effort. "20 years?! How so?!" Well, whom many would consider the "star" of the show (Maggie Ellis), was a character that I (Al) created back in 1993, inspired by an old lady (a very nice one at that) I met one day when I was sat in the front garden wearing a neck collar after a bus accident (another long story)! She had an unusual manner about her and a uniquely amusing voice. Many may think my portrayal (exaggerated portrayal, at that) was "mocking", but trust me, it is not mocking at all, and the lady herself has seen my portrayal, and has confirmed she "literally wet herself upon seeing this character brought to life!" Heh. Over the years, I have made people laugh with my portrayal of Maggie Ellis (and made a few cry with the tragic tales that have been included in the skits and sketches I have done as her), but her character recently evolved thanks to my wife and creative partner, JJ. Let me explain: JJ has been aware of Maggie Ellis (and my other characters) since we met, and it is immensely gratifying that she was never disturbed by their eccentricities or the often-crude dilemmas they get themselves into. Instead, she jumped right into the creative world that I had built for myself and joined me in this exciting journey... and then 'One In Six' was born, the web-series that this Kickstarter project is all about. 'One In Six' (the title comes from the fact the main 6 characters are all played by one person: me) is not just a "comedy", it is a drama, too. How is a series that has two female characters played by a man (with a beard) a drama as well as a comedy? Well, that is a challenge I gave myself when I first started playing with these characters some years ago. Can you take the most eccentric of characters, and put them into tragic situations and poignant storylines and still make it believable and have an effect on the viewers emotions? So far, the result has been positive, and amidst all of the craziness and sometimes (seemingly) over-the-top scenes, there are tears, and somehow, these characters can make people cry and feel pity for them. I guess if you are open-minded enough to invest your trust in a project and in the characters of such a series, you can move past the "politically-incorrect" jokes, and see what they truly mean and the effect we are intending to have. So yes, there are jokes and scenarios within this series that could maybe cause offence to certain people at certain times, but like anything in life, it is all about how you perceive such humour. There is more to it than that, and the point of it all is much deeper. The episodes (two completed/filmed so far) are TV-style length (30 minutes), so please do give it a try. Watch from beginning to end to completely get where we are going, and to see if you do pick up what we are putting down. And while you are at it, please understand and try to feel what this means to us. Try to feel, not only the hours, days and weeks of work we put in to each episode, but the emotion, the dedication and the heart... it is unexplainable and undeniably precious to us both. To have the support and investment of trust from others, would mean more to us than you could ever possibly imagine. Naturally, a project like this is not free to embark upon. There is the cost of quality cameras, props, costumes, location filming (to take the characters outside of their home and offer viewers the chance to see them in even more hilarious scenarios and situations) and marketing and such. In advance, we thank you for taking the time to read this, and watch the episodes. That in itself means so much. So thank you! Here is the YouTube playlist for the two episodes we have so far produced: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLe-5tc4s_KMZwN6JyPb6oC9rmMh_NcBKy With regards, Al and JJ Risks and challenges The risks we face, more than anything else, is gaining the trust from the viewers that we are more dedicated to this project than anyone could ever believe. I am sure other artists, comedians, writers, actors etc get this entirely, and understand WHY a project like this one is so important. The promise WE can offer, is that no matter what obstacles we face, this is not project we would ever just "let go" under any circumstances. I am sure just by watching the series you can at least SEE and FEEL the heart, dedication and love that goes into the series, and every character that appears in it. As for overcoming challenges and how we are qualified; we are qualified in the fact that art is our life. It comes second only to the love we have for each other. I think that alone is enough evidence that we will take what is thrown and use it as yet another storyline in this series! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter