Hello friends, Facebook Fans, Moviegoers, Kickstarter Community, Twitter bugs, and internet maniacs! WE’RE making a movie! You heard correct. We’re MAKING a movie!! Seriously. WE’RE MAKING A MOVIE!!!! We’re not yelling at you, we’re just excited. And the more people who reserve a copy (see rewards section), the better the movie will be! You’ve heard of community theater, right? Well, we’re doing something similar... er, uh, only different. We’re making a community film by championing an exchange that is a mix of commerce and patronage! And guess what? YOU are part of our community! Let us further explain. The goal of this project is to put a movie in front of your eyes -- with your help. Not some low-tech, low-quality, poorly scripted, tragically performed movie. A quality movie. We intend to do this by utilizing state-of-the-art HD equipment that we already own and also by calling in favors from friends that are industry professionals -- friends who believe in us and believe in what we’re up to. One of the coolest aspects of this project is that it will get better with every pledge since the process we’re describing happens to enjoy the tremendous economies of scale. In other-words, the film gets better because larger patronage means more COH (cash on hand). The more COH we have, the better the artistic and technical cinematic qualities shall be. So here’s the opportunity; as more folks reserve DVDs everyone's movie gets better because we have more time to produce the film with better equipment, performers and technicians. Furthermore, the DVD run is cheaper per unit the larger the volume. The way we figure it, if we can get 1000 backers the film will be really good: great lighting, shot on HD equipment. If we can get 2000 backers, suddenly we’re talking more time, larger crew, better actors, nicer equipment. And more than 2000...? Maybe even a THEATRICAL RUN! This process is going to be intense and extremely fun. Any amount of support gets you V.I.P., behind-the-scenes access, and we’re going to share ideas, themes of the movie, interviews with the filmmakers and actors, observations, and questions as we go. We will try our best not to give away spoilers, though. Which leads us to the basic premise (without spoiling it): There are no dragons to slay or galaxies to save; there is only a young couple whose relationship is unraveling. Think Revolutionary Road or Things We Lost In The Fire. Our hero isn’t even a hero. In fact, she‘s looking for a hero. She struggles with a past that she is not proud of, terrible loss, while trying to find meaning in life. A meditation on identity and love, the film is painful yet honest in its refusal to sentimentalize or demonize either character. Ultimately it’s a story about universal questions, doubts and needs that reach further into our souls than most care to admit. We’re aiming for a feature length film. The script is complete and after four drafts, nearly production-ready. Our deadline for day one of production is September 1st, 2010. Oh yeah! Who are we? Patrick is a New York Times best selling author, screenwriter & co-director of the theatrically released film, "Letters To God" which just left theaters nationwide. See www.PatrickDoughtie.com Cris is a filmmaker, actor and screenwriter. He's written and produced over 70 short films and has produced more than forty nationally televised documentaries and has a degree in film directing. See www.cRisCunningham.com