Commemorative 20th Anniversary EP! Next month marks the 20-year anniversary of the Paul Speidel Band on the Boston music scene! We've been dedicated to presenting live music for two decades in the Boston area as a band, and have more memorable interactions with audiences than we can count. It takes both musicians and listeners to make music happen, and we are extremely thankful to all the old friends who've listened to us along the way, as well as the new friends we continue to meet through music! With this commemorative EP of all original music, we're expressing our "Gratitude" to those who've made it possible. Would you consider joining us in this celebration by making a pledge?"Paul Speidel's guitar playing is impressive. He manages to mix Blues and Jazz and Funk naturally and effortlessly. The band is tight and the songs are strong. If you haven't seen Paul, you're missing out on something special right here in Boston!" --Dana Marshall (DJ, Program Manager,WXRV 92.5-FM The River) The Paul Speidel Band live at Johnny D's How Kickstarter works…Kickstarter isn't about begging for money, rather it removes the middlemen from the contributions process. For some, it's a great way to pre-order the CD and get it before everyone else--for others, it's a way of being able to give generously above and beyond the market cost of one CD. But for all of us, it's about directly connecting musicians and listeners to bring the music to life, together. You are an active participant in the creation of the music! The Goal…We've got a budgeted goal of $3,000 for the project, with costs split evenly between recording studio expenses and the manufacturing/design process. (This also includes an 8-10% processing fee for the fund transfers.) The Timetable...Kickstarter campaigns are "all or nothing". We have 23 days to reach our goal, and if we don't then you are not charged for your pledge and we receive no money. You are only charged at the end of the 23 days if the project goal is reached or exceeded. Get Involved...Please take time to browse the backer levels to the right of the screen. We hope you'll find one which appeals to you and we hope you'll join us in the creative process by making a pledge! "Led by sizzling Electric Blues Guitarist Speidel, this ensemble takes the stage...with a melding of Blues, Rock, Jazz and Latin flavors." --Boston Magazine's "Go-To Guide" You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 More about the EP:Standing by...The project pieces are all in place for this to happen: songs and arrangements written, musicians contracted, pre-production roughs made and the main recording sessions scheduled to finalize the music. Our manufacturing, mastering and design will be done by OasisCD, where the project template is in place awaiting the content. We are ready to put all the pieces together now and share the music with you!There's a first time for everything...We’re doing something very special never done before on a Paul Speidel Band recording: we’re adding a full horn section, a keyboard player on piano and organ, as well a veteran Blues Harp player and Grammy Award-nominee, "Rosy" Rosenblatt, who played with Hubert Sumlin, Levon Helm and many other legends! This will be our first release in almost four years, will feature all-new music written specifically for the musicians performing on this recording.DIY (Do It Yourself)...We’ve been able to release seven CDs over the past ten years on our own, without the help of a big record label. We've never had the backing of producers, investors or friends & family, so we've always had to be able to do more with less. With national airplay, positive media coverage and reviews from around the country and in Europe--including a 3 1/2 star review in "Downbeat"--we've done alright so far, just making recorded music as a labor of love. But times are changing and we need your help...Change is good…So, with digital downloading on the rise, and live music venues closing, it's time for musical artists to look for creative ways to connect with audiences. Crowdfunding is one solution which is having tremendous success. This Kickstarter campaign is opening new doors for the Paul Speidel Band to connect with audiences in our community and beyond. Also, the rewards system of giving creates fun and engaging ways for contributors to benefit from offering greater pledges!“Speidel, a Chicago native reared on the blues, is an electrifying Blues guitar player who plays a range of Jazz, Rock, Blues and R&B.” --MassJazz.com James Montgomery and Shirley Lewis with the Paul Speidel Band at the Blues Showcase in 1999 Introducing the Band-The Guitarist...Originally from Chicago, Paul Speidel established himself on the Boston music scene in the early 90's, hosting the Blues Showcase Series in Newton, performing on stage with Jay Geils, Duke Robillard, David Maxwell and many other artists. His performance credits also include such luminaries as Patti Page, Howard Alden and Danny Kalb (The Blues Project), among many others. He was chosen as a 2008 Boston Blues Challenge Finalist and recently opened for John Lee Hooker, Jr.The Drummer…Jersey native Brendan Byrnes is an original member of the Paul Speidel Band, and has been on every recording and almost every live show the band has played over its 20-year history. A multiple degree-earner from Berklee College of Music, Brendan has performed and toured extensively in all styles of music along the eastern seaboard, from Boston to NYC to Baltimore. He was also a member of the renowned Doors tribute band "Crystal Ship" years before tribute bands became commonplace.The Bassist…Ed Lucie is the most recent member of the Paul Speidel Band, filling in with the group six years ago and eventually working his way into the band officially. He is perhaps the most-travelled member and best-known among musicians' circles, having performed with Stevie Wonder, Warren Haynes and Government Mule and many other major names. He has appeared on numerous recordings, as well, and is a Professor at Berklee College of Music. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 The Paul Speidel Band: Paul Speidel (Guitar), Brendan Byrnes (Drums) and Ed Lucie (Bass). Live at the Blues-N-Brews Festival, 2011.Why we do it.Passion...Music is both a passion and a way of life for us. It's not just the investment in learning how to play an instrument, but also the commitment to creating a musical experience with an audience that's important. Connections...Communities, both local and--through the internet--global, enable the connections to be made between the musicians and and the listeners, as well as from one listener to another. The passion for music can be just as great for the listener as for the musician.Fulfillment...So for us on stage and in the studio, the act of making music is the most fulfilling when we’re able to share it with listeners. That's when it comes to life--it "completes" the act of making music.Gratitude…Because we musicians need listeners, we are forever grateful for their interest. The musical connection is impossible without these relationships. That’s what makes this 20-year mark so special to us...Participation…We hope you'll choose one of many reward tiers on the right side of the screen to participate with us in this EP project. We thank you for considering being a part of “Gratitude” and for celebrating with us 20 years of music together! "Thank you, as always, for your support!" Further ReadingPlease visit our website for more information about the Paul Speidel Band, including links to our previous releases, more photos and videos, and the "long version" of how we came to be a band here in Boston (click on "The Paul Speidel Band Story" on the homepage).www.PaulSpeidelBand.com------------------------------------ Risks and challenges The main risk in making a record is that the pressing plant doesn't replicate the CD and/or sleeve correctly. However, we are going with OasisCD, which has done four past projects for the Paul Speidel Band, and does great work. On the recording side, we're very confident in "Rosy" Rosenblatt, the engineer, who has worked on hundreds of records; and our musicians are amongst the best and most experienced Boston has to offer. (Actually, the main risks are to the musicians: broken guitar strings, squeaky saxophone reeds and easily-bruised egos!!!). Learn about accountability on Kickstarter