Help us bring an eclectic blend of energetic chamber music to the OKC metro area! Scissortail needs your help to support our “Autumn Leaves” concert on September 9, 2012, 4:00 pm, at First Christian Church, 220 South Webster in Norman. This concert highlights the emotional impact of melody in the music of the Romantic period. Featuring both vocal and instrumental works, our performance will be a passion-filled evening of entertainment. Highlights of the program include Mendelssohn vocal duets, Rossini’s famous “Cat Duet,” Beethoven’s Op. 11 Clarinet Trio, and of course the jazz standard, “Autumn Leaves.” Featured soloists for the evening include cellist Rob Bradshaw, French vocalist Célia Zambon, Australian Vocalist Leslie Flanagan and Dr. Cynthia Cortright, a former United States Arts Ambassador to the Middle East. Célia Zambon By supporting “Autumn Leaves,” you will be helping to promote our young, energetic ensemble of professional musicians, all of whom are graduate students or alumni from Oklahoma universities with strong ties to our community. Furthermore, your support will provide us an opportunity to perform this concert without charging admission to the community at large. Donations will be accepted at the concert as well. Leslie Flanagan Funds raised above our goal will be used to support future concerts and outreach programs in Oklahoma communities. Please consider making a contribution and we hope to see you at our concert, September 9, 2012 at 4 pm at the First Christian Church, 220 South Webster, Norman, Oklahoma. If we do not reach our Kickstarter goal, we will not receive any funding from this campaign, so we thank you immensely for your support! Special thank you to Marilyn Krell from Photonatalia for her photos featured in the slideshow.For more information visit: www.scissortailproductions.orgAbout us: Founded in 2011, Scissortail Productions, Inc. promotes classical music and theater traditions, especially through chamber work performance and education within the state of Oklahoma and surrounding states. Scissortail is committed to nurture and encourage emerging professional artists and to foster collaborative artistic ventures between professional and community artists and organizations. Commissioning and performing new musical or theatrical works is an important component to enrich the cultural life of our community. Scissortail Productions Inc. artists regularly perform with the Fort Smith Symphony, Enid Symphony, Oklahoma City Philharmonic, Gypsy Wind Ensemble, The Ambassador Concert Choir, Accademia Filarmonica, Collegium Musicum, University of North Texas Opera Theater, Fort Worth Young Artist programs, and the University of Oklahoma Opera Theater. Our artists have performed in diverse venues that range from Westminster Abby and New York’s Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts to The Gold Coast Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. Locally, you might find our artists performing at the Train Depot Performance Center in Norman, Oklahoma as well as the Sooner Theater, the Bud Wilkinson Event Center, Lyric Theater, Sam Noble Museum and other venues across the state and region.