Have you ever gone to a vending machine and wished a certain product was inside? Cheeto Puffs instead of Crunchy? Cool Ranch Doritos instead of Nacho Cheese? Coke Zero instead of Diet Coke? Finally, there's an app for that! Vending MYchine will give you the ability to rate a list of products for the vending machine on a 1-5 star scale and let the vendors know what you actually want at each location. Vending MyChine is now available in iTunes and the Google Play Store! Once you download our application you will be able to check in and rate all the products. Not only can you rate everything in the machine but you can also make suggestions of what you would like in the machine. What's your favorite snack? Maybe there is something that you and your co-workers/classmates would like in the machine that's never been in a machine.Plus, you can also search and navigate to the nearest machine location. This doesn't just apply to snacks and drinks its all machines with different products (electronics, skin care, etc). Instead of seeing the same sour cream and chive crackers that no one ever buys you can actually replace that row with one of your favorite snacks. This patent pending app has launched and is ready to be brought into the second phase! Let's bring technology to the vending machine world and ask #whoisvendingmychine. What your money is going towards: Building and releasing an App is expensive, but extremely rewarding if we get it right . In order to make this App extremely successful we need to make sure it runs like clockwork. Here is some of what goes into finishing the 2nd stage of the app: Lots of Design, coding, legal fees, beta testing and promotion (just to name a few). With your help, I will be able to create an app that you and I can both be proud of. I want nothing more than to be able to share this great idea with all my fellow snackers! Understand this will be the first app designated for vending machines. Why not be a part of the movement!! Goal: Raise $40,000 to fund Vending MYchine Mobile App Stretch Goals Stretch Goal #1 - $40,000: Getting this free app out there is what it's all about! I want to be able to get exactly what you want in each machine immediately. This also would go towards promotion for the app! Stretch Goal #2 - $50,000: If we are able to reach $50,000 I will be able to add more features such as live feeds from machines, barcode scanner to enter contest from snacks, and much more!!! There is nothing better than a win/win situation. You get your favorite snacks, drinks, and other items. Plus the vendor makes increases revenue! Sounds like a great deal right?! Once we have all the data that you as a customer will provide the vendors will log into my site and review what products are in demand daily/weekly/monthly. The best part is the app will be free for you! All you will need to do is download the app, check in, rate your favorite products, and wait for the vendor to restock the machine! We will be uploading a new video and pictures just as soon as the final look of the app is locked in. Stay tuned!! Go like our facebook page. www.facebook.com/vendingmychine Where did this idea come? One day at my past job I went to the vending machine and saw one of my favorite snacks in the machine for the first time. I was so excited because working in a office full of cubicles I would visit this machine a lot and it always had the same products. I walked backed to my desk with a big smile on my face ready to devour my favorite snack and feed my 3 o'clock hunger. Now, since I had this shoulder to shoulder smile on my face it caught the attention of my coworkers. They asked why I was so happy. I showed them the treat in my hand and they said "when did that get in there!". I shrugged my shoulders and went back to my desk to enjoy what I purchased. After clocking out I walked past the vending machine and to my surprise the whole row was completely empty from just a 2 hour timeframe. Then it happened *lightbulb* What if we could just tell the vendor what we want in the machine? After spending a few months constantly thinking about it I decided to take the plunge and start creating Vending MyChine.Put $1 towards the future of snacks in vending machines and then tell a friend to tell a friend! Risks and challenges Risks and challenges Beta Testing is the only problem that could arise with this app. Just like most pieces of technology this day and age the first month of launching is mostly getting all the bugs out. We ask that you be patient and tell us what could make the app better serve you instead of giving a bad rating immediately. This app is designed specifically for you as the customer! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter