Funding goal reached, thank you so much! You can keep up to date with progress on Another Castle on it's official site, http://www.AnotherCastleTheGame.com Also, be sure to vote for Another Castle on Steam Greenlight! Oh Noes! Your girlfriend / fire sword / ham and cheese sandwich is in Another Castle!Another Castle combines classic platforming gameplay with the randomness of a roguelike. You play as Andy, a dude who's looking for a random item, whether it be a kick ass magical sword, a wizard hat, or royalty. To find the item you must run, jump, and fight your way through a randomly generated castle. When you beat the game, you sadly won't get the item, as it's always in another castle. Instead, the item is now unlocked and can be found in future playthroughs of the game.You can try out an early prototype of the game at: http://www.AnotherCastleTheGame.com More funding will allow me to add more content to the game. These stretch goals are what I'll be able to add: $20,000: More Energy Types - In addition to the currently planned energy types of fire, ice, and lightning, I will include Spectral, Holy, and Unholy. This will add ghosts, zombies, ghouls, demons and angels to the game, as well as appropriately themed items. More energy types will also allow me to add three new environments to the game: Haunted, The Sky, and The Underworld. $30,000: Weather System - I will add a weather system to the overworld that randomly changes after each level. This will create level variants such as sunny, sunset, nighttime, raining, snowing, and apocalypse. Some enemies and items will only appear or will behave differently in different weather conditions. $40,000 Character Creator - I will add a character creator to the game, which will let you choose your character's look, as well as starting stats and abilities. $50,000: Mounts - I will add a variety of mounts that you can ride in the game. Each of these mounts will have an appropriately themed special ability or control style, as well as custom level types that take advantage of the mount's abilities. $75,000: More Playable Characters - I will add three additional playable characters to the game, which will also add custom items, enemies, and level elements for each character: Alice - Andy's girlfriend. Well ex girlfriend, actually. Why'd you think he can't find her? Manly Man - Alice's new love interest. Currently at war trying to rid the world of lizard people. The Lizard President - Having successfully carried out his conspiracy to take over the world, The Lizard President enjoys mingling among his people. And by mingling I mean obliterating with ridiculously overpowered weaponry. You can collect various items as you play to improve your character's stats and abilities. Items can also give bonuses and weaknesses based on the energy types of fire, ice, and lightning. Items are divided into the following categories:Weapons - Everything from swords and axes, to crossbows and flamethrowers. Andy starts out with a humble yo-yo. Spells - Magical abilities that are depleted after use and recharged with mana. Summon creatures, cast shields, levitate & more. Clothing - Wearable items that affect your movement or give you resistances. Consumables - One time use Items that provide various effects. Potions give your character a random effect, such as granting health or giving you super speed. Scrolls cast a random spell, such as freezing all enemies or summoning a creature. All of the levels in Another Castle are randomly generated. This is done by handcrafting small level sections based on environment type and difficulty, and placing them together based on different algorithms to create a complete level. This method of generating levels allows them to provide surprises and to always feel fresh, while retaining the fun of a handcrafted experience. There will be level generators based on different terrain types and climates. This includes frigid mountaintops, arid deserts, whimsical castles, blacklight volcanoes, mysterious caverns, outer space, and more. The level generator in the prototype only creates levels for a castle entrance. With your help I'll be able to create many more. In addition to individual levels, there will be a randomly generated overworld. The overworld connects a random selection of levels, as well as secret paths, mini games, and item shops. The overworld ends with a castle level that doesn't contain the item you're looking for. For $10, you get the finished game DRM free on Windows, Mac, Linux and Android, as well as access to alpha and beta versions of the game. For $15 you'll also get a copy of the Wii U version of the game. At $25 you get the deluxe version of the game, which includes a digital download of the soundtrack and a retro style instruction manual. The instruction manual will have information on every item and enemy in the game. It acts as a manual, strategy guide, and art book in one. For $35 you'll get an extra copy of the deluxe edition to give away. For $50 your name will be added to the credits as a supporter, scholar, and all around swell person. At $75 you get this neato limited edition t-shirt available exclusively to Kickstarter backers, in your choice of black or white: Also, for just $25 you can add a t-shirt to ANY reward tier! International backers please add $10 extra for shipping. If you want both shirts you can add $50 to any tier, and for international backers I won't add the extra shipping twice, so you can get them both for $60.At the higher reward tiers you can design an item to be added to the game. I'll have final say on whether to use your idea if it isn't technically feasible, infringes on someones intellectual property, or if it's NSFW, but I'll do my best to implement each idea in an awesome way. There will also be a special section at the top of the credits with your name next to an image of your item. My name is David Byers, and I develop indie games under the company name of Uncade. I've released a few mobile games such as Kid Vector, Love Me Not, Blast Soccer, and Haunted Hallway. My games have been featured on various sites such as Eurogamer, AppAdvice, Slide To Play, 148Apps, Pocket Gamer, IndieGameMag, and IndieGames.com.I'm an artist and a programmer, and I can also make some pretty funky chiptunes. I love game development because it lets me focus all of my artistic energy into one project. While I really enjoy making small scale mobile games, I've been wanting to work on a more ambitious project. Another Castle is that project, but I can't make it without your help. Another Castle will be released on the Wii U, Windows, Mac, Linux, iOS, Android, and OUYA. All of the versions that can be DRM free, will be. I'm currently targeting iOS devices using the A5 chip, and the Galaxy Nexus on Android. Depending on how well I can optimize for mobile development I might have to raise the minimum requirements, likely to iOS devices using the A6 and Android devices using the Tegra 3 processor. Alpha and beta versions of the game will be available on Windows, Mac, Linux and Android. If Another Castle gets accepted on Steam I'll also provide backers with a product key if possible.For mobile gamers who love physical controls, the iOS version will be iCade compatible, and the Android version will have gamepad support. Software Licenses - With the minimum funding amount I will be able to upgrade my Unity license to Unity 4 Basic. I'll also be able to get Qubicle Constructor to make voxel art. With more than the minimal funding I would like to upgrade to the pro version of Unity.Development Devices - For the Wii U version of the game I need to get a development kit. I also need to get a widescreen iPod Touch and a retina capable iPad for testing.Time -There's the pesky issue of affording food and shelter while I make the game. The funding goal gets me enough time to complete a minimally featured version of the game. Any extra funding will give me more time to work on the game, therefore giving you a bigger and better game. I've added some of the extras I'll be able to include in the game as stretch goals. Risks and challenges Time - The game could very possibly take longer to complete than the stated goal of June 2014. While I don't anticipate this will happen if only the minimum funding goal is met, if all of the stretch goals are funded it's likely it will take more time to complete the game. My estimate for the final version of the game if all stretch goals are funded would be some time in 2015. I plan on mitigating the wait by making alpha and beta versions of the game available to all backers who get the game. While the final game may take longer, you still get to play it each step of the way. Game Design - This page has my current plans for the game, but some plans may change. I'm treating the development of this game as an iterative and organic process, and it's still pretty early in development. A feature might turn out to be much harder to develop than initially thought. Or something that at first seems difficult will have an elegant and simple solution. Something I think could be fun might turn out boring. Something completely unexpected could turn out to be amazing and shake up what the game becomes. My point is that I'm not afraid to sacrifice parts of the game that aren't working out, and if something unanticipated pops up that completely changes the game, but for the better, I'll run with it. If something in the game doesn't turn out exactly like you've hoped please try not to be disappointed, every decision I’ll be making is to try and create a better game. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter