An online course series teaching Live Streaming essentials. Learn with HD videos, challenges, and solutions. Follow LiveStreamingAnswers.com for updates on new courses, blog posts, and videos for Live Streaming solutions. Save 80% on Retail Price The Live Streaming course series (Complete Set) will retail for $499. Back this project and save 80% at the $99 reward and get the 7+ courses plus BETA access to the course materials as they are being developed - you get to provide feedback on each course video before it is finalized and released to the public.Backers at the $149 level get to do this PLUS have the opportunity to vote on which advanced courses are produced!Live Streaming is a Career Opportunity Live streaming is exploding in popularity – everyone is walking around with a TV/radio in their pocket, but the number of people who know how to setup and execute a professional live streaming solution on something other their smart phone is small. Live streaming video is the #1 priority of Twitter in 2016 (source Tubefilter.com) because of the huge advertising engagement opportunities. Don’t have the equipment? I’ll show you what to buy (and what not to buy.) Never live streamed? I’ll teach you what to buy and how to set it up. How-to e-book collecting dust? It’s out of date, so don’t bother reading it. You need a new book, or you could watch my course series. Fund a How-To Series for Live Streaming Learning how to live stream without help is hard. I want to make it easy for you with a series of how-to video courses. These online courses are something I wish I had when I started live streaming nearly 15 years ago. I’ve learned a lot about live streaming the past 15 years and I want to share my knowledge. I started a blog on LiveStreamingAnswers.com and now I want to take it to the next level. With your help I can create SEVEN new courses (30+ videos) that support live streaming solutions. The course videos will teach concepts along with equipment demos and screencasts of how to setup and use equipment and software. You will be able to follow along and watch me setup and use the hardware and software to set it up for your needs. I’ll also show you common mistakes and how to recover from them, which will help you avoid those mistakes with your live streaming broadcasts. Course Format 4-8 structured video lessons (10-30 minutes each) 720p HD video quality Professional audio quality (Elecro-Voice RE20 microphone) Large text sizes to make it readable on your mobile device or tablet Downloadable lessons Setup challenges and solutions Equipment options Live Streaming Challenges and Solutions You will learn a lot faster if you challenge yourself to setup the equipment and use it. However, live streaming can lose its fun factor if you struggle too much. To help you on those sticky parts, I’m including video solutions with my live streaming challenges. Watch step-by-step solutions to see how an experienced live streamer would solve the problem. These challenges will help you become more familiar with live streaming and problem solving. Courses (Complete Set) 1) Beginner Live Streaming Course This course will focus on the benefits of live streaming and different ways to live stream video and audio. Case studies for churches, schools, businesses, podcasters and websites will be included to show you best practices for live streaming and generating revenue. 2) Equipment This course will go deep into the specific video and audio equipment you will need to live stream. I will explain how to determine what equipment you need to reach your goals. Detailed how-to training videos on specific equipment will be included. 3) Software and Streaming Solutions This course will evaluate the pros and cons of different streaming solutions and the different software and apps available to live stream video. Discussions will include vendors such as Wowza, Livestream, Ustream, and YouTube, and the software needed to stream HD video to each of these vendors. 4) Websites and Apps This course will show you options and ways to embed your live video stream inside new or current websites and apps. Details on how I have embedded live video players in my apps and websites and what website platforms I recommend. 5) Marketing and Advertising This course will explain ways we use social media, digital media, and existing audiences to reach our target audience. We will also discuss how to go about obtaining sponsors and delivering value to those sponsors to cover your costs. Video tutorials will also be included on the specific pre-roll advertising services we use to deliver ads to our live stream viewers. 6) Measurement This course will show you the tools we use to measure and analyze the live streaming traffic. Videos will include the process needed to setup and monitor your results. 7) Legal Roadblocks This course will address the legal ramifications of live streaming, especially in regards to streaming content you don’t own. Videos will address specific things and specific platforms you need to avoid to mitigate legal risks. Beta Access Beta access will give you access to the courses as they're being developed. It gives you an opportunity to start learning before everything is finalized. It's an opportunity to help direct the course materials with concepts that you find helpful or need clarification. Here's a video I made to overview Wirecast Play (formerly Wirecast for Youtube.) This gives you an idea of the quality of the video and audio. FAQ’s What benefits come from live streaming? Live streaming is a fantastic way to connect with people. Churches use it to connect with shut-ins and sick members who cannot attend worship services. Schools use it to live stream athletic events and ceremonies. Podcasters use it to connect with their audience in real-time.Can I get enough sponsors to pay for the equipment and live streaming services? Yes! It all depends on how much work and promotion you plan to give this service. Can I use it to train volunteers? Yes! Live streaming is a fantastic way to connect with people who cannot physically be at your office to learn or be trained. Can I use it to charge for digital online conferences? Yes! The live streaming video players can easily be integrated into a private page that only paying participants can view. Is there a discount if I hire Dennis for some private consulting and coaching? Yes! I will be happy to offset consulting or coaching costs with the cost of the courses. Can I buy the equipment from you at a discount if I buy the course set? Yes! Students will be given the opportunity to purchase special packages and equipment I recommend at a discount. How much will these courses cost? I plan on selling these courses for $29-$199 each and the course set at $499. By supporting this project you'll get access to all of the courses for a single low price. Where will the Kickstarter money go? In order to provide access to the video content, I will have upfront costs for video and web content hosting for the course materials. The money will support the following: Course material creation Video production and editing Graphic design Equipment demos Video and multimedia content hosting Website development Ongoing support About Dennis I'm a live streaming expert. I’ve been live streaming since the early 2000’s when I streamed video over Yahoo! Instant Messenger during tornado chases for my employer. I’ve since consulted and implemented live streaming solutions for my company and a variety of clients. How can I get involved? Post feedback on Kickstarter, connect on Twitter (@dwashingtontv) or email (dennis@crossdig.com). Risks and challenges Creating course content, recording, and editing videos is time consuming. I've done it for my clients so I understand the time commitment. Based on my past experience, I can produce 1-2 courses per month. It takes some time to make sure the software and hardware configurations work correctly and can be explained in plain English. I've purchased a lot of audio/video equipment (cameras, HD video switcher, RE20 microphone, mixer, MacBook Pro computers and professional editing software) and I'm prepared to make high quality recordings. I'm doing this because I enjoy helping other people learn. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter