Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. - Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.On January 18th, the ECO will present an incredible evening of free music, words and celebration. Help us spread love and light to the Erie community in the new year!No one day sales, no gimmicks...simply a free concert! And for 35 years, we've done nothing but present all of our concerts for free. Rehearsing for our November concert! On January 18th, 2013, the ECO will present its Annual MLK, Jr. Tribute Concert, led by guest conductor Daniel Burdick, at Central Tech High School in Erie, PA. To help celebrate the amazing life of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., the ECO will again be joined by the Shiloh Baptist Choir, under the direction of Frederick Dixon. Traditional spirituals will be presented alongside the works of Vivaldi, Beethoven and more. Truly an event not to be missed! Violinist, Ade Williams Special guest soloist, Ade Williams, will also be joining us. Ms. Williams is a Junior Division Winner from the prestigious Sphinx Organization, who's mission is to "transform lives through the power of diversity in the arts." A collaboration such as this is sure to touch the lives of 1000's of people throughout the community. The city schools in Erie, which are 57% minority and 73% economically disadvantaged, can hardly afford pianos in their classrooms let alone a band/orchestra program. This concert could very well be the only exposure to live music that these students will experience this year.Please check out a video of Ms. Williams here! She will be performing this very work with us.Oh yeah....did I mention that this concert will be presented free to the community? In a venue accessible to all? Thats right. For 35 years, the ECO has been presenting each of its concerts completely free of charge. Our mission is to ensure that everyone has access to professional caliber classical music regardless of age, income, education or cultural background. That's over 350 free concerts given in local venues across the city. With our new Music Director, Matthew Kraemer, we are poised to take the ECO forward for another 35 years, allowing anyone in the city to experience classical music the way it should be heard: live! We also have a very active educational outreach program. So far, in the first 3 months of our season we have visited with over 400 students, presented an instrumental petting zoo and donated a piano. Please see some of the incredible images below... Piano donation to Pfeiffer-Burleigh Elementary School Instrumental Petting Zoo Piano soloist Eugenio Urrutia-Borlando and Music Director Matthew Kraemer at Emerson-Gridley Elementary School Tenor soloist Joseph Gaines and the Fort LeBoeuf Choir All of these programs are also presented free of charge!Support our MLK concert todayYour support will help defray the numerous costs encountered when putting on a concert of this magnitude. We have musicians fees, travel fees, soloist fees, music director fees, music equipment fees, music rental fees...you name it, as the list goes on and on. But the one thing we don't have is a large staff. There is simply myself, Steve Weiser, General Manager, and Matthew Kraemer, Music Director. That's it. No extraneous fees, no hidden costs, no support staff. Your money will go directly to making sure this event happens. Please support us today and keep our mission alive!Special gift for our $300 supporters Beautiful sheet music from the turn of the century turned into a fantastic work of art. Front Back, complete with full music from the piece used on the front Risks and challenges Thankfully, with such a small overhead and extremely strong financial planning, most of the potential setbacks are already accounted for in our game plan. The venue for the concert is secured, the musicians are hired, the music is rented, the soloist is hired, etc... Short of extreme bad weather, this free event will happen! In the case of bad weather, and the event doesn't happen, all money will be returned and the project will be started a new. But, in 35 years, we have never once canceled a show. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter