Jupiter Hell is a turn-based sci-fi roguelike with modern 3D graphics, by the creator of D**mRL, for Windows, Linux and MacOS. Facebook / Twitter / Reddit / Youtube / Twitch Proud to be backed by: [13.12.16] UPDATE 13: The Final Countdown, Stretch Goals Update, Campaign Recap and our Kickstarter Livestream! [12.12.16] UPDATE 12: Funded, the Inner Circle and Sound Update [12.12.16] UPDATE 11: 100% funded! Hell has been breached! [12.12.16] UPDATE 10: Call to Arms - The Last 48 Hours [09.12.16] UPDATE 09: Io, Monsters and the End is Nigh! [06.12.16] UPDATE 08: D**mRL is now Open Source and Character Advancement update [02.12.16] UPDATE 07: Lawyers, D**mRL, 60% and Stretch Goals [01.12.16] UPDATE 06: New Pledge Tier, D**mRL stream, Arena Mode, Tactics and Strategy [28.11.16] UPDATE 05: Videos, Interviews and a special message from Mark Meer [25.11.16] UPDATE 04: 50% Funded and a Black Friday Special! [22.11.16] UPDATE 03: One Week In - Greenlight and Concept Art [19.11.16] UPDATE 02: Story, Game Design, and Meet us in Sofia! [16.11.16] UPDATE 01: Day 1: OMFG! £66,666 Extended Hacking - Funded!!!Look at you, hacker, a pathetic creature of meat and bone... Go full rogue with extended hacking perks, letting you take over bots, unlock camera feeds, get access to more restricted resources and reveal more of the story. This will involve an ASCII minigame, and those that choose to specialise in this area will find themselves with a more varied gameplay pace.£70,000 Pure mode No story, no branching areas, nothing to distract you from kills after kills. This is a streamlined mode for the most gameplay obsessed players. We’ll also throw in more challenge modes and achievements! £75,000 New zone: IoHave an optional route through Jupiter’s most violent moon, Io. Rivers of lava, moonquakes, unstable mining machinery, new environmental hazards and some tough as Hell enemies will make this a special challenge for our more extreme players.£80,000 Audio Logs Many log files will now be in audio version rather than just text. This is better for gameplay, as you can listen to the files as you continue to play instead of taking a break from blood-soaked mayhem. You can also access all audio files discovered across all games through an archive menu. £90,000 New zone: Space StationHave an optional route through a claustrophobic space station, with scientific research facilities and a better chance of finding some of the more exotic items in the game. Just be careful of some of the more exotic creatures you might find... £100,000 Procedural Weapon VariationsBorderlands 2 has a Guinness World Record for the number of weapons it has, at 12.4 million. Think we can beat that? Does it even make sense to? Maybe not… Regardless, with this goal we can increase weapon variety by designing and coding procedural variations, with some exotic weapons having particular strange mixes of abilities. They’ll also look cooler! £110,000 New zone: GanymedeHave an optional route through the vast facilities of Ganymede. This will be one of the more randomised zones in the game, with an unpredictable mix of facility types and a range of possible enemy encounters. £130,000 Procedural Enemy VariationsIf we’re successful enough we can build a procedural enemy variation system, with different components to each monster type. This will be reinforced with different stats, behaviour and special effects associated with certain variations.£150,000 Full Procedural DestructionWhile many elements in the game world (crates, furniture, doors, etc) will be destructible by default, this tier will allow us to invest both in the art and technology needed to unlock full procedural destruction, enabling you to leave no wall untouched. Just try not to blast yourself into space... Further stretch goals will be announced the closer we get to the end of the campaign! Jupiter Hell is a tactical roguelike game in a 90's flavored sci-fi universe. Set on the moons of Jupiter, the game pits a lone space marine against overwhelming demonic forces. Rip and tear undead, demons and unmentionable monstrosities, using classic weaponry including shotguns, chainguns, railguns and the trusty chainsaw. All to the shine of CRT monitors and the tune of heavy metal! Dive deep into a true form of the 30 year old roguelike game genre that has resurged in popularity. Experience turn-based, grid-based permadeath and fully procedural levels, all in glorious 3D visuals. Get ready for the spiritual successor to D**mRL, the parody roguelike that years ago streamlined the traditional format and popularised a new wave of accessible roguelikes. Distilled, hardcore gameplay, fast-paced challenge and limitless death all await! Welcome to Jupiter Hell. Classic roguelike! - Turn-based, grid based, procedurally generated environments and permadeath. Several difficulty levels and dozens of challenge modes - no matter what skill level, there will be always something more to achieve, something nastier to master Dynamic animation system - despite being turn-based, you never wait for the player to move, play as fast as you like and see the animation adapt to it Streamlined UI and gameplay - no need for manuals, just jump in. Whether you want the easy way of playing by mouse, or the fast way by keyboard, the game offers both. G(l)orious visuals - explosions, blood, dynamic shadows, effects galore. Randomness! - from the big to the small, Jupiter Hell will never feel samey - the plot and missions will vary each game, the procedural levels will provide new tactical challenges, and even small finishing touches like background furniture will have variety to give a handmade feel. Loot - Raid corpses and plunder secret corporate storehouses for kick-ass new weapons and armour. For a hands-on feel of what Jupiter Hell's gameplay will feel like, you can download and play for free its predecessors, D**mRL and AliensRL. Whilst Jupiter Hell will be deeper and more visually appealing, it will use much of the same mechanics and game design ideas. Jupiter Hell, despite its appearance, adheres to all the traditional rules of the Roguelike genre. It is turn-based, grid-based, has permadeath, and features randomly generated environments. Hell, it even has a pure ASCII mode! ASCII version (WIP) But that doesn’t stop it being accessible, with intuitive UI, flowing gameplay and polished aesthetics. We are truly aiming to bring classic roguelike gameplay into a modern gaming environment. For those unfamiliar with the traditional roguelike formula, it offers an engaging and replayable gameplay experience vastly different from most modern games. Permadeath, the deletion of your character save after death, means that decisions really matter and threats feel absolutely real. Randomised content makes each playthrough feel different, and adds unknowns and tensions as you explore the computer generated environments. The combination of these makes you focus on the gameplay in ways that transcend most genres. Jupiter Hell is turn-based, but with an adaptive animation system that lets you play at your own pace. You can dash through easy areas and mow through simple enemies in fractions of a second, but then stop to properly think and plan when meaty challenges rear their head. It also features resource management and decision-based character progression to add further tactical and strategic depth. The roguelike genre has lasted for decades with a dedicated core following, and roguelike elements have found a resurgence in popularity in recent years. Jupiter Hell will bring the classic formula to new audiences and make a new generation addicted to death. A mega-corporation conducting mining operations across the Jovian moons has somehow opened up a gate to… somewhere else. A lone marine is now the only one who can stand against the demonic forces of Hell and shut the gate before they overwhelm the whole Solar System. The game starts with the player, a lone marine, arriving at a base on Callisto and being confronted by demonically possessed former soldiers. The player will shoot, blast and chainsaw their way across the moons of Jupiter, discovering the secrets of corporate money-grabbers and ancient cults, before arriving at Dante Station, a mysterious structure in orbit above Jupiter’s Red Spot. You can find more details and depths of the story and how it will be told in Update #2. Jupiter Hell will be available for Windows, Linux and MacOS on Steam and later hopefully on GOG.com. Vote for us in our Greenlight campaign to get Jupiter Hell to Steam! Jupiter Hell is built from the ground up on an entirely custom engine. It includes dynamic lighting, quick procedural composition, and most importantly an animation system which adapts to the speed of your keypresses, letting you play entirely at your own pace. The custom engine also gives us much greater flexibility in development than anything off the shelf. Development of Jupiter Hell is centered in Wroclaw, Poland, but we have an international team dedicated to crafting a polished and widely appealing game. Jupiter Hell is not the sort of game you will see funded by any AAA publisher. It is niche, daring and unrepentant in its goals to produce a highly polished traditional roguelike. We believe there is demand for this and with the right support it can achieve huge popularity. Kickstarter lets us both prove this and gain all the necessary funding to get the project through development. Crowdfunding is also a wonderful way of bringing together dedicated supporters and getting them involved in the game development journey. Roguelikes traditionally are made and polished over many years with significant community involvement, including testing and ideas generation. Using Kickstarter lets us build a community rapidly and shape the game’s development around what you, the players, want to see. Backer forum includes access to development polls when we face a particularly troubling decision in terms of game design. Get EARLY ACCESS to the game once it goes live on Steam or wait a bit and get a DRM free key at full release! Includes access to the backer forum with development polls. Rock and roll to the heavy metal tunes of Roland La Goy, not only when slaying Demons! Feast your eyes on the full process of visual creation in Jupiter Hell, from early sketches, through more and more detailed concept art, to finished digital paintings, both used and unused in the game. Help us shape the game! Gain access to the BETA, which will follow the initial ALPHA and INNER CIRCLE period. In BETA we will be still shaping major parts of the game, and will ask you for in depth feedback and suggestions! BETA forums will be hidden to allow us to easier go through *ALL* the suggestions. BETA is expected to start mid-2017. You want to be remembered and we’ll help you with that! Your name and surname will be put on the list of random starting soldier names (if the player doesn’t type anything, or presses random). If you’re willing to help us one step further, we’ll not only add your name to the credits list in a SUPPORTERS section, but you’ll get a *SIGNED* postcard from us, directly from hell. Jupiter Hell. Name in credits and soldier creation not enough? Fear not, we’ve got you covered! Your name will be added to the list of usable names in the random assignment/mission database. In this game, everyone is dead. However, you will see your name in an e-mail on a terminal, or on a randomly found memo. This is pot luck though, one game you might be a hero, many games later a villain! If you don’t want to reveal your name, you can use a chosen name/surname with your callsign (subject to approval). ALPHA access starts at least 6 weeks before BETA, so we hope it will start around April 2017. Many parts of the game will still be in flux, and your suggestions in the alpha forums are guaranteed to be taken into account by the development team. This is a prime level if you want to have a tangible effect on the game! To celebrate that, you’ll be listed as an ALPHA TESTER in the credits. Link for the Thank You section is subject to screening (no scams, porn, gambling etc). Throughout the game you will be able to find special “treasure chests” in the form of … dead fellow marines. When looting them you’ll recover collectible dog tags bearing short inscriptions. Backers at this tier get to choose the tag name and the inscription. Collecting them all throughout several playthroughs will be a game Achievement! You’ll also get an EXCLUSIVE KICKSTARTER ONLY PHYSICAL JUPITER HELL poster to remind you of this campaign! These will be super rare items. Shipping is on us! You get access to the prestiguous INNER CIRCLE forums where the earliest prototypes are posted. You’ll get access to our current builds, as soon as we wrap up kickstarter, and the Arena Mode in January. You’ll help us shape the systems of the game and contribute to ongoing development. Quite possibly, there’ll be bits in the final game where you’ll be able to say -- it’s thanks to me! To celebrate that you’ll also be listed in the Design Consultant section of the credits. You’ll also get an EXCLUSIVE KICKSTARTER ONLY PHYSICAL JUPITER HELL poster to remind you of this campaign! These will be super rare items. Shipping is on us! You’ll get a physical softcover artbook which will include concept art, early models, some of our favourite final shots from the game, and a photo of Kornel working very hard on coding. Signed if you want! You choose the name of a weapons/armor manufacturer in the game. Think Kalashnikov, H&K, or e-sport players branded game tech! We cannot guarantee it will be a very common item brand, and the name is subject to approval. Also, you’ll become a ChaosForge VIP. If you’re in the neighbourhood (yeah, we know Wroclaw in Poland is far away), you’re welcome to a studio tour! If we ever hold any GDC, PAX of whatever private or public party, you’ll be invited :) Come up with a poster, be it of your own game, product or corporation, either submit it to us, or send us a concept. We’ll “Jupiter Hell”-ize it, and with your approval it will appear sometimes instead of the standard Callisto base posters. Oh, and we’ll print it and stick it into the poster package too! Additionally, your artbook will be Hardcover! Help us design and name an enemy or weapon of your choice. Send us an idea, or closely work with us on the execution, your choice. We’ll need to make sure that it fits the game, but we’ll work hard for that to happen! First of all the name of a corporation can be your surname, your company name, or based on your callsign/nick - we can work it out, to an extent. This is subject to approval due to the game setting and mood, if your company is Big Happy Cereal, unfortunately we will have to decline :/. This level includes weaving in mentions of the company into the background plot, and having a monocolor logo on some of the in-game crates, barrels or even walls - you can send us a sketch, we’ll work something out! Similar to CHAOS COUNT, but your corporation is now a mega-corp, one of the major powers controlling the Jovian system before everything went to hell. Many plot descriptions will be using this name, we’ll come up with a cool logo for it also - with your direction. ORYou get to name one of the major antagonists in the game. Every player will know (and curse) your name. We can also incorporate a heavily scanlined photo of you in the game. * All text submissions from backers to be included as content in the game are subject to approval. We will work directly with backers to arrange thematically appropriate content when there is the rare need to reject submissions. Michał Sadowski - for brand24.com Krzysztof Nowak - for help with videoJason Kapalka - for everything else Risks and challenges Game development is inherently risky, relying on multiple people over long timespans and with project goals that can easily change over time. We go into this with full knowledge and awareness that this will not be a simple task, and with mitigation measures for many of the main challenges. Loss of skills - We have a great team together, but there’s always a risk of someone dropping out. A big aim of the Kickstarter is to gain the financial security to prevent that happening. We have a small dedicated core of staff that can keep development running even with temporary drop-outs, and many contacts across the gaming industry to help us recover quickly and bring other support on. In addition we are arranging work in a structured, modular way to prevent over-dependency on any one person. Financial constraints - The Kickstarter will provide the financial security we need to bring the game to fruition. Should delays cause those funds to be uncomfortably stretched then we will look at supplementing our income through other funding means, but only from sources that don’t put restrictions on our project vision (eg. government awards, charitable donations, etc). Project delays - The biggest risk is delays in development, and this is something frequently seen in the making of other games. We have taken this into account in our project plan for Jupiter Hell, and have considered appropriate contingency time for project completion. We have learned a lot from witnessing the results of other game developers, and will seek to take advantage of their lessons learned. In particular we will be avoiding feature creep and making too many grand promises, keeping focus on the core gameplay we want to achieve. Procedural generation - We are well aware of the risks of overselling procedural generation, and how it can end up producing samey and empty content. With decades of shared experience in procedural game design we feel certain we can produce engaging and varied content. Furthermore we have put a large emphasis on core game mechanics, to ensure that the actual player interactions are the focus of the gameplay. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter