At Pilot Electronics, we believe that not having enough digital storage space should never hinder your enjoyment of life or the ability to record, share, and transfer your data. The majority of solutions available for data storage and transfer are cloud solutions or locked in storage, and while convenient, it seems the rapid increase in technology has lost touch with how easy the old school USB flashdrive made data storage accessible. While we love the cloud, it is not always available where some of the best memories are created and recorded. We designed the unit to be portable so it can be taken with you whenever you need to manage your data. GoDrive is the most economical method of modern data storage. GoDrive is the updated USB drive for your smartphone, tablets and smart devices. Compatible with standard 2.0 and micro USB devices, you can manage your files on-the-go. This product is for those who need a easier way to expand storage and transfer information between all their smart devices. There are two functional ends to your GoDrive:One is the conventional USB 2.0 Standard-A connector & the other is the micro-B USB for your tablets and smartphones.Today, there are many ways to upgrade your memory. The most accessible way is with a micro SD card. With that in mind, we have designed the unit to have a upgradeable memory port that seconds as a micro SD card reader. You can easily remove the micro SD card and transfer it to another device. Your GoDrive also features a keychain/lanyard hole to keep your valuable information secure when on the move. A protective cap seals both the micro USB port and the micro SD card slot to keep your information safe.When traveling, having enough storage for entertainment can sometimes be a problem. With the GoDrive, you can have all your movies and media without access to a cellular connection. Have enough space to take more photos and videos from your mobile devices by using the GoDrive. Just plug your GoDrive into your smart device to free up space without having to delete data. With the removable micro SD card port, you can swap your micro SD card with a larger capacity card to store more of your files and not be locked in by built in storage. The safest and most secure way to transfer files today is offline. So with GoDrive, you always have the protection and peace of mind right in your hands. Refer to FAQ for list of devices that support the OTG (USB Host) function. With a plethora of electronics on the market, your GoDrive seamlessly transfers files between multiple devices with simplicity, portability, and security. Plug into a Smart TV to share your files on screen with others with the standard USB 2.0 side! When you're out filming with your drone, transfer large files quicker to view and still have enough battery power in both your smart device and drone, to get more footage. The GoDrive works like a regular USB, so you can easily just plug and play like you always have into your PC or Mac computers. You can easily use the GoDrive's micro SD card reader and transfer files from your GoPro by plugging the USB side into a notebook or laptop even if you don't have a SD card adapter. You could also read the data on the micro SD card from your GoPro by plugging your GoDrive into a smartphone or tablet on the go! We tried to find the best way to transfer data with a offline solution between all the devices in the market. The best solution was creating GoDrive with a upgradeable Micro SD card slot. This allows for a seamless transfer of data between many different hardware options. To have the best unit in the business, we are also working with the leading consumer electronics manufacturing group Foxconn. They have assembled some of the most popular products out today like iPads & iPhones and many more products from brand name electronics companies. With their expertise, this ensures that our products are up to par with today's technology standards. After 20 months of research and development, we are glad to present to you our GoDrive. We hope that the GoDrive will be a great tool to make your life just a bit simpler. From our project team at Pilot Electronics we thank you for stopping by our page! If you do like the GoDrive, please support and share. Help us make our project available to those who just want an easier way to use their data. We also would love to hear what you think about the product! Your feedback is what will help us enhance our products to provide the best user experience. Risks and challenges With any project there are always risks and challenges, but we can assure you that we have done our homework prior to launching this project on KickStarter. With a great team at Pilot Electronics combined with top notch manufacturing capabilities, we are making sure we are delivering the best possible product. If there are any problems that do arise, we will be sure to address the issue at hand in a timely and fashionable manner. We will make sure that you are not left in the dark! With your help we can bring this great offline solution to data transfer to all those around the world. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter