We are an independent country band that plays original songs in the old style, not what passes for country on the corporate radio. We have worked very hard to write, arrange and promote these songs and this sound. All the songs we will be recording will be originals. You can hear a selection of songs from our last album at www.patreedymusic.com We believe firmly in the future of real country music! We have all played in a variety of bands in the past that covered a variety of genres from blues to traditional Appalachian fiddle tunes and draw on those influences to try to keep country music fresh and true.There are virtually no references to sweet tea or truck tailgates in any of our songs. Listen to pop country radio for 10 minutes and you'll see what I'm getting at. What we are making is real.However, we don't have financial backing such as a record label and we don't make enough from our shows to record them in the right way at a real studio. Without your help we cant do it! The funny thing is, in the last 2 years we have generated enough new material for 3 albums but that's a whole lot of money so we just picked the best 12 unrecorded songs that we think would sound good together. If you ever see us live you'll recognize some of them, but we also have some new ones no one but us and our neighbors have heard!Here is a breakdown of recording project costs:$2800 Sound engineer and studio, 8 days.$100 Reel to reel tape$250 Mix-down tape$700 Mastering (this is a friend price from John Baldwin, he's good)$100 Kickstarter video shooting (friend price from our friend Kat Sotelo, thanks Kat!)$300 Fuel to get to Nashville and back to New Orleans$2000 Record pressing and packaging through Gotta Groove Records$500 CD production through Disc Makers$500 Kickstarter fees (they gotta eat too I guess)Now, you might notice that this adds up to $7250.We have saved up $500 each from doing demolition labor in New Orleans, so we can add $2500 to this, which, if the Kickstarter is successful in reaching $5000, will leave us a $250 cushion for unforeseen expenses.(Total recording cost: $7250, total funds goal: $7500.) Risks and challenges After recording before in a professional studio, Ive become more aware of the different costs that will pop up: mastering, tape, production costs for the physical albums themselves, album art design, and fuel. Last time I recorded I didnt really know what to expect. I didnt see all the costs coming so it took me a long time to save up the extra money to get the actual finished product in my hand. This time I have done the math and gotten quotes for each of these and they all are within our goal amount. The one thing that might hold this up would be a production delay on the side of the record or CD pressing companies, but I am working to book a reservation to avoid this. Even if there is a delay it should only be a few weeks. Just in case I rounded up on production time and set the time of release in September. Lets hope it happens sooner! As mentioned before in the project description, all 5 of the band have been working on the side for a demolition company to save $500 each for this project, we are all in. With your help we can make it happen! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter