A Unique Buy-and-Sell Website that can Benefit Both Buyer and Seller When you buy on an online buy-and-sell site, the first thing that comes in your mind is security and assurance. Is the product listed here legit? Will it be beneficial for me? Am I on the right site? Worry no more, my friend. www.myjunk.com.au is not just your ordinary buying and selling site. It is more. 1.NO MEMBERSHIP FEE. NO ADVERTISEMENT FEE. ·When you fund or help “My Junk”, you do not only help people around the world to post free and become a member for free, but you help them to generate income and meet potential long term clients. ·With the website “My Junk”, we become globally aware of people around us. We get to meet and sell on our own. ·The website will become a medium for everyone who wants to become a businessman on their own little ways. ·Funding for “My Junk” will be a good cause because it got traffic boost and a lot of online users go there to find pre-loved items. 2.More Job Opportunities! ·Being jobless nowadays is the main reason why crime has a high percentage on our daily news. If you fund the website, we can offer and cater more job opportunities for people. In this way we can also help our fellow people to find better income. ·We are in need of customer support services but lacks funding. ·With the right fund to back as up, we can now have a better website design and can help a lot of people with their pre-loved items. 3.Our Site is recommended by 98% of our customers. ·Our trust rating is very high and we can say that we have gone a long way from being just an ordinary buy-and-sell website. ·Our customers are very happy with the way we run the website and we can even more make them happier if we can have funds to add great things for our buyers and sellers online. ·We promote a lot of things and people are more inclined with technology nowadays and they can bring their smartphones everywhere. Even their laptops are now portable so you can really say that online community is becoming more a global village. 4.We get to give back! ·With funding us back, we can start with a strong backbone in the business and we can make it bigger and larger out there. ·We will in exchange give amazing rewards for people who will fund us and give you amazing opportunities to work hand in hand with us. ·More opportunities, more customers, happy place! ·Our buy and sell is sustainable and can guarantee amazing outcome in the future years. ·This is not only a fast turnaround but we will also assure you that our website is on track and ready to roll with future technology. flyer Risks and challenges Ive launched this website 3 weeks ago, its been challenging due to not having any more funds to advertise on seo, flyers, Facebook marketing. Till i've discovered Kick starter hoping i would be helped with been funded and would appreciate it a lot =] I'll be competing with ebay, trading post, gum tree, sales and other website. But i will do my best with all the support, this will help me to i will create a page on www.myjunk.com.au where will it show people full name and photo who has helped to fund the website. motivate to work harder. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter