WHAT IS EXPi?EXPi is a groundbreaking new search engine that provides a uniquely engaging and comprehensive user experience. EXPi presents you with the results of your searched word or phrase as a multimedia mix of images, sounds and music that brings your search to life. No more dull, irrelevant results or boring browsing- if you think it, we can take you there.Searching for images on Google or Bing brings you lifeless thumbnails of visual results. Searching for audio clips online brings ads, download requirements and poor quality sound. We developed EXPi as an "experiential" search tool, something effective and functional for every day users. Whether you need an entertaining way to browse through hundreds of photos in order to select just one, or if you're looking for an animated backdrop for your homemade Italian feast with sights and sounds of Tuscany, this is the tool for you. EXPi is also educational. Show your children exotic animals, teach them about different cultures, places and ideas in an interactive way that is sure to keep their attention.The applications are limitless.EXPi Full Story Video HOW DOES IT WORK?EXPi delivers the results of your searched word or phrase in a lively image stream, backed by a matching audio track. Say you're thinking about your childhood city. With one search, EXPi can take you there. The images transition before you and the sounds of the street, with its music and voices, transport you to a different time and place. Like what you see? You can save it, share it or even download it. Star your favorite sounds and images. Mark inadequate results. With these ratings you are directly influencing future search results, so that EXPi will only present the best and most relevant media. EXPi is completely free and functions on different operating platforms and devices, including selected digital media players and consoles.HOW WILL EXPi MAKE THE CHANGE?There have been countless search engines since the beginning of internet browsing, but the actual image search delivery has not improved over time-even for giants like Google, Bing or Yahoo. Boring browsing through the images on your own, tediously clicking through numerous pages and icons should be a thing of the past.We believe that it is time for the image search process to become an interactive, multimedia experience that serves you and your needs.With EXPi, we are elevating the concept of the image search to a new genre, one that is a moving and story telling experience- experiential.WE NEED YOUR SUPPORTBuilding the experiential search engine is a challenging task. Many conceptual, technical and operational challenges lay on the road. We can not make it on our own, so we need your support.As a way of saying thank you we offer you range of backers rewards but ultimately by believing in us and supporting EXPi we know that together we are making a whole new segment of the internet history- experiential search. Please make a pledge today and help us bring this s.exiting project to life. Thanks for your support.The EXPi team.REWARDS OVERVIEW Rewards Overview Risks and challenges Dear Backers, We truly believe we can make a change in the current internet search engine landscape. The challenges that we may encounter on our path could be technical or ones of the market share nature. The technical side will be tackled by our talented design and programing teams but having existing market players see the potential of our concept is something we cannot strictly influence on our own. We need your overwhelming support through funding us on Kickstarter or liking and sharing our idea on social media. The only way we know we will be successful is if you champion the concept and spread the word to your friends and followers. Please be the industry voice for us any way you can. Thank you! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter