Timber and Stone is a project I started 5 months ago. I wanted to play a city building game with the feel of an RTS game, but with more depth. More resources, more control, more complexity. In a fantasy/medieval setting.I wanted to see trebuchets that destroy castle walls, trees, and earth. Fire used as a weapon against wooden structures. A game where I not only get to build an army, but have to feed that army. By farming, fishing, hunting and foraging. Felling trees to build my siege engines, mining stone to fortify my castle's walls, and having my blacksmiths forge each piece of armor and weaponry to defend my townspeople.Such a game didn't exist in the form I wanted to play. So I decided to create it. Inspiration comes from games like Caesar, Zeus, Age of Empires, Dwarf Fortress and Minecraft. A large wheat farm and chicken roost. Harvested wheat can be turned into flour by milling, which can then be made into bread. Chickens can be used to produce eggs, or slaughtered for poultry. Chicken feathers are also needed to craft arrows. The graphics are built with procedural cube meshes sometimes called voxels, making the game world cheap & quick to render. And gives Timber and Stone a look that reminds me of the old pixelated computer and console games that I grew up playing.Timber and Stone is essentially a sandbox game, where the player is allowed to create any style of settlement, village, or kingdom he wishes. You start the game in a procedurally generated terrain with a random group of workers and few random resources. To survive, you'll have to collect food and building materials. The more wealth you amass, the more likely you'll be besieged by marauding goblin hordes, or necromancers controlling undead armies. Alter the land with large quarries or deforestation and you'll risk awakening the spiders and wurms that live deep underground. Or perhaps that's your intent? To collect their scales and silk to make more powerful weapons and armor. It's up to you. Much of the game's goal is to survive. If you can keep your units happy, alive and working, your kingdom will thrive. Archers taking down some invading goblins. Higher level archers are more accurate with their bows, making them less likely to waste arrows. Engineers can craft archery targets to help an Archer train. From the beginning I wanted siege and castle defense to be a large part of the game. Produce food, gather resources, build farms and villages, but remember that it all must be protected. Siege towers, ladders, catapults, trebuchets, ballistas, drawbridges, and moats will all available to the player (and enemies). The benefit of a voxel based world is that all of this will damage the terrain, trebuchets fire will carve holes into the earth, catapults will be loaded with boulders, flaming tree stumps, or dead bodies, fire arrows will scorch farms and burn wooden buildings to the ground, your enemies will mine beneath your fortifications to get into the city.I wanted to recreate the fun we had while building these things out of Legos as a kid. Spiders are no joke. Timber and Stone is played with a 3/4 aerial view, with a fully rotatable & zoom-able camera, so you can view your settlement and the game world at nearly any angle. Every bit of terrain/rock/foliage can be destroyed, moved or built upon. Select "Build" from the Design Menu, choose a building material, and you'll be given a select box, click and drag, and you'll make a selection for the construction area. If you have the necessary resources and tools, your builders will start working. This makes constructing housing and castle walls quick and intuitive. Designing Mining zones and Farms works the same way. To have your wood choppers gather wood from trees is as simple as right clicking a tree and selecting "Chop", or you can go into your Wood Chopper unit's preferences and tell him to simply continuously chop down trees that are nearest to him. Every unit type has a set of preferences independent to the unit, this allows you the control of having your Foragers hunt boar but not chicken, or to show a visual display of the range of an Archer's bow.Professions include:Builder - Constructs walls, towers, housing etc. Nearly everything that is built onto the terrain is put there by a builder.Miner - Digs and mines into the ground for stone and metal ore.Farmer - Plants and tends to crops in order to provide food.Wood Chopper - Gathers wood as resource by felling trees.Blacksmith - Works with forge and anvil to create weapons and armor.Forager - Gathers berries and hunts boar, chicken, and deer.Stone Mason - Works with raw stone to create brick, cobblestone, and plaster.Carpenter - Works with wood to create furniture, tools, and building structures.Infantry - Combat unit that can wear all types of armor, and use all types of melee weaponry.Archer - Ranged Combat unit skilled with bows & arrows.Engineer - Creates siege weapons, defensive structures, and other military designs.Several more professions are planned, including: Leather-workers, Cavalry, Ranchers, Cooks, and Traders.You can change an unit's profession at any time.As a unit works, his level in that profession will increase. Higher levels will allow the unit to work more quickly, or create more difficult crafts. This makes losing a unit with high levels that much more devastating. A builder unit waiting on the player to select where to build a brick wall. Click and drag to choose an area for your units to build, mine, farm, or patrol. The game is something I've become very passionate about, and currently takes up most of my free time. I'm very excited about how far it's come in the last couple months. And simply put, I would love to work on the game Full Time, and let people play it as soon as possible.What your funding will be going towards:Currently, the game is in alpha. Every screenshot here has been taken from the game in it's current state. The engine is 85% complete and playable, with over 90 gather-able & craft-able resources, including armor, weapons, tools, and building materials. There is a ton you can do with the game as-is, but there's so much more I want to add before release. More units, enemy types, monsters, weapons, music, & GUI elements. Website & Forums. This funding will make this possible and grant me the tools to implement everything I have planned quickly. This is the type of game I've always wanted to play and sink far too many hours into. It's a project I'm very excited and passionate about. And one that I'll continue to work on and add to years after it's completion. With the current rate of progress, I estimate a beta testable version for PC in the next month. And the first full release by the end of 2012.Thank you for checking out my project. The current GUI is place-holder, but 100% functional. (including hot-keys) Risks and challenges I feel much of the groundwork is done, and most of the time I need will be spent ironing out bugs, improving the GUI, and looking for sound and especially music that will suit the game. I'm not a composer by any means, so I imagine I'll have to find one that can produce music that not only sounds good, but fits with the theme of the game. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter