THE BIGGEST BREAKTHROUGH IN TELEVISION AUDIO IS HERE FROM SOME OF THE BIGGEST NAMES IN MUSIC AND AUDIOAFTERMASTER FIXES DIALOGUE PROBLEMS AND SMOOTHS OUT THE TRANSITION TO TV COMMERCIALS AfterMaster TV connects in seconds via HDMI cables between your audio/video source (cable, satellite box, etc.) and your TV. BE A PART OF CHANGING TELEVISION AUDIO FOREVERAfterMaster TV transforms virtually any television (TV) audio by making dialogue louder and clearer while making everything around the dialogue sound substantially better. AfterMaster also smooths out the transition of the loudness and audio quality between a TV program and a TV commercial. It was developed by some of the biggest names in the music and audio industries.Imagine plugging a little box into an HDMI port in your TV that transforms your audio and virtually eliminates the need to constantly adjust your TV volume up and down to hear dialogue! And then imagine if your TV instantly sounded substantially better overall - louder, fuller, clearer and deeper whether or not you have an add-on audio system. And its fantastic for video game audio.It's time to put down the remote and hear details that you never could hear before. It really works and it's really that simple. Our new AfterMaster TV System - 120 - 240 volt AfterMaster TV will immerse you in your favorite programming like nothing you have ever experienced before. 1) Clearer, louder and balanced dialogue 2) Substantially less volume adjustment 3) Smooths out the audio transition between a TV program and a TV commercial 4) Exciting and detailed sound that you could never hear before 5) More fullness and low end from small speakers 6) Most importantly, a far more overall enjoyable audio experience with ease and simplicity 7) It works on everything from a standard HDMI cable or satellite box, to gaming consoles such as PS4 and Xbox and streaming products such as Apple TV and Roku. AfterMaster's proprietary (patents pending) technology was originally developed for the music industry and it is the first breakthrough audio technology that can master and remaster audio to professional standards in real-time. Unlike any other audio enhancement technology, AfterMaster makes any audio source sound substantially better throughout its entire frequency range.Our proprietary technology allows us to actually raise and clarify the dialogue in TV programing and limits the level of annoying effects. We then process all of the audio with AfterMaster so that everything else on your TV sounds significantly better throughout the entire frequency range of a program.WE HAVE THREE DIFFERENT SYSTEMS AVAILABLE ON KICKSTARTER1. Our standard Aftermaster TV system is equipped with one HDMI "in and out" for A/V.2. Our "Limited Edition" AfterMaster TV system is equipped with one HDMI "in and out" for A/V and 3.5mm "in and out" jacks for audio only use and a built-in battery rechargeable battery. This allows an AM TV box to be used on the go with a laptop, cell phone, headphones, etc. Great for music or gaming.3. Our AfterMaster TV PRO is the same as the Limited Edition but it has an extra HDMI "in" port. It also comes with a custom case, cables and is signed by the AfterMaster Founders. AFTERMASTER TV DEMOAlthough it's not possible to perform an accurate audio demonstration online to exemplify what AfterMaster TV can really do for your TV audio, we have recorded a few programs that were processed through AfterMaster TV to give you an idea of what an incredible difference it can make. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 THE AFTERMASTER TEAM ARE RECOGNISED LEADERS IN THE MUSIC AND AUDIO INDUSTRIES Individual bio's are available at www.aftermaster.com/team AfterMaster was developed by a world class group of music engineers, producers and audio specialists who have been a part of creating dozens of platinum albums and have received numerous GRAMMY Awards. We know how music and audio should sound.Our audio experience is unmatched as a team and our discography incudes U2, Sam Smith, Tom Petty, Lady Gaga, Beyonce, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z, Madonna, John Lennon, Michael Jackson, Ray J, Diddy, Jesse J, Brandy, Mary J. Blige, Stevie Nicks, Britney Spears, Nick Cannon, EMMY Awards, Busta Rhymes and dozens more. We recently completed the development, design and testing of our unique AfterMaster TV system which uses our groundbreaking AfterMaster audio mastering and remastering technology. We built 20 prototypes and tested them for over a thousand hours with dozens of TV and speaker combinations. They simply sound incredible! AfterMaster In the news WIRELESS AUDIO WITH THE AFTERMASTER TV "LIMITED EDITION" ON KICKSTARTER HAS BOTH HDMI AND AUDIO ONLY PORTS AfterMaster TV "Limited edition" can be used on the go with portable devices and with your TV. It transforms music quality! OUR LEGENDARY AUDIO ON THE GOIf you want to use your AfterMaster TV box to make all your audio sound incredible, we are offering our Kickstarter "Limited Edition" model. It offers both HDMI "in and out" and 3.5mm "in and out" audio jacks and a rechargeable battery! This will allow you to use your AfterMaster TV system with your cell phone, computer and headphones to listen to music or videos on the go at a quality level that you've never heard before. Audio "in" and "out" jacks on the "Limited Edition" model accomodate portable electronics and headphones. A built-in lithium rechargeable battery and charge level indicators make it all possible. USING BATTERY POWERED AFTERMASTER TV WITH PORTABLE DEVICESAll your music and video will sound better than anything you've ever heard before when you use the audio ports on the "Limited Edition" AfterMaster TV system. We think it's the highest quality audio available anywhere and it was designed by the Pro's. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 AFTERMASTER TV INSTALLATION AND OPERATIONInstalling an AfterMaster TV unit is just a matter of minutes. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 THE BEST GAMING AUDIO. PERIOD. ABOUT AFTERMASTER AUDIO TECHNOLOGY AfterMaster Audio Labs proprietary AfterMaster (patents pending) technology was originally developed for the music industry and it is the first breakthrough audio technology that can master and remaster audio to professional standards in real-time. Unlike any other audio enhancement technology, AfterMaster makes virtually any audio source sound substantially better throughout its entire frequency range. Inside the AfterMaster TV system The heart of the AfterMaster TV box is our proprietary Digital Signal Processing (DSP) chip that we co-developed with ON Semiconductor, a multi-national semiconductor designer and manufacturer. Our Belasigna 300 AM chip is one of the worlds smallest, high power DSP chips.The chip contains a special algorythm that was developed by a world-class team of engineers over thousands of hours of testing. Our incredible technology allows us to reach in and make dialogue louder and clearer while also making the surrounding audio sound incredible but not over bearing.TV audio has been stuck in a rut for many years because TV plays audio which was generally mixed for multi-channel audio systems. Ironically, even when multi-channel speaker systems or sound bars are added on to a TV, dialogue and outrageous swings in audio levels still exist. We brought this amazing audio technology to television to fix thiat and the results have been simply incredible.THE AFTERMASTER DIFFERENCE This is an actual screenshot of audio before and after. AfterMaster audio processing works throughout the frequency range and allows us to raise and clarify dialogue while making everything else sound bigger, fuller, deeper without being overpowering. Audio enhancement technologies have been offered for decades and generally focus on using wideners, expanders and volume boosters. Traditional enhancers typically use processes such as high end exciters or phase shifting to widen the audio to make sound appear to be enhanced, when in reality they compromise something in the frequency range, change the balance and degrade the sonic integrity noticeably. This results in a muddy playback or changes important elements of a recording. In music, it thins out the drums, vocals, bass, losing the top or bottom and the dynamic range. In essence, the production style and creative intent of what the artist, engineers, producers and mastering technicians intended for the public to hear is changed by blanket processors. Unlike other audio post production processes, AfterMaster preserves the original intention of an audio event and brings greater clarity, depth and amplitude to all of the audio elements without changing the integrity of the underlying recording. This is accomplished by AfterMaster’s proprietary and state-of-the-art Adaptive Intuitive Response™ mechanisms and complex algorithms, which provide a ground breaking, pristine listening experience where virtually every sonic detail is heard with added warmth and fidelity. Indeed, without any compromises, apparent volume, richness and clarity can now be obtained on any device when AfterMaster’s real time intuitive audio enhancement is utilized.A SUCCESSFUL KICKSTARTER CAMPAIGN WILL MAKE OUR PROTOTYPE SMALLER AND ALLOW US TO BEGIN PRODUCTION Original prototype and new AfterMaster TV next to an iPhone We are Kickstarting to finalize and begin the manufacturing of our new AfterMaster TV box which is much smaller and has more features than our original prototypes. The "Limited Edition" includes a rechargeable battery and audio only ports so it can travel wirelessly and be used with portable audio sources such as cell phones and laptops.Upon successful funding, we expect to receive the first production units from China in February or March.ABOUT AFTERMASTER AUDIO LABS AfterMaster Audio Labs Building in Hollywood, California. Our research, recording and mastering studios are in the former offices of Alfred Hitchcock in the legendary Crossroads of the World complex. AfterMaster Audio Labs is based in Hollywood, California. Our AfterMaster technology was developed and is supported by some of the biggest names in music and audio www.aftermaster.com/team. Music is the pinnacle of audio and our team of engineers, producers, musicians and audio products specialists know what sounds right. Our research, recording and mastering studios can be seen at www.aftermaster.com/recording-studios. We have five research, recording and mastering studios and full support facilities. Legendary music engineer, Shelly Yakus, at the helm We set out to make digital audio sound substantially better than it ever has. We accomplished that with the development of our proprietary AfterMaster technology. AfterMaster is the the first digital audio technology that adds a substantial increase to the fullness, clarity, depth and amplitude to any audio source throughout its entire frequency range.In fact, AfterMaster is the only audio enhancement technology used for professional music mastering for top artists because it does not compromise anything anywhere in the frequency range and does not change the underlying intent of the music. Senior engineer, Ari Blitz Along our development trail we realized that the unique way that we process audio allowed us to solve a problem that we and most everyone else has - dialogue problems in TV. We are the only technology that can actually identify the dialogue in a finished movie or TV program and make it louder and clearer without raising the background audio. We also use our technology throughout the entire program so a listener gets much better dialogue combined with incredible overall sound quality. Audio engineer, "GIO" REWARDS If you would like a gift certificate(s), please contact John Lombardo at jlombardo@aftermaster.com after your purchase to arrange delivery. Risks and challenges Millions of dollars and several years have gone into developing our proprietary and award-winning AfterMaster audio technology that is at the heart of the AfterMaster TV system. We are undertaking this kickstarter campaign to raise the money to bring our technology to the world of television and solve a decades old problem of poor audio quality on television. Our AfterMaster TV box prototype has been thoroughly tested and it works fantastic with almost any TV set-up. We believe our biggest risk is in unforseen manufacturing delays for our new AfterMaster TV box. We have chosen a reputable manufacturer and believe that they will deliver our systems on time in February. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter