The Italian composer Biagio Putignano wrote some amazing contemporary pieces for the children around him: for his son, for his students, for his friends’ children. I discovered them about one year ago, as I was looking for some unedited pieces for one of my recitals. Biagio Putignano wrote:"Try to ask a child: you will get the most beautiful and fantastic answers you can imagine. Because children are like this: they know how to connect two worlds in a more spontaneous and natural way. I thought then to be guided by their dreams to make these pictures of absolute freedom in sound." http://www.biagioputignano.it/My students and I performed all those gems in US or world premiere for the "Contemporary for kids" Concert in 2012. And it was such an awesome experience for performers and audience that we thought it should last more than only the time of one concert: we needed a musical form that will last for a long time and that will be art for ever and not only for one day. So we came up with the idea of recording a CD, where children aged 5 and up will prepare and play Putignano's pieces in a recording studio, pieces written by "still-alive" people for a "still-alive" audience. This recording is a part of a bigger project, where children are encouraged to discover contemporary pieces, to write and perform their own music, breaking down the barrier that often separates the young performer from the "music writer". http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRUkR8gXoSo&feature=player_embeddedhttp://contemporaryforkids.webs.com/Your support will be used to fund the recording of a CD of the pieces written by the composer Biagio Putignano for young students (producing, recording session, mastering, piano tuning, booklet printing).http://contemporaryforkids.webs.com/ Risks and challenges As the performers are mostly between 5 and 12 years old, we could have some delays in the production.The pieces are already practiced and rehearsed, but a recording studio is a new experience for all these young performers. This is the first recording for all of them, so we have a massive learning curve up to now that is likely to continue all the way to the end of the project. We are lucky to be surrounded by kindly mentors, parents and peers we can turn to for assistance and guidance. Don't hesitate to write me with any question: I will be happy to answer. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter