HISTORYA few months ago, a guy came over to see my daughter. Beyond the fact he was wearing WAY too much cologne (Rochas?), I noticed he was sporting a very bejeweled pair of designer jeans. He told me that she had called him to come over and help her (my daughter), with her laundry. I remember thinking to myself, ‘smart girl’, but then it dawned on me: Damn Dude! Grow some balls. I cattishly told him that, when he was done helping with the laundry, I could use some help sorting my closet by color… would he rather do that, or could we go fishing? We both laughed for a minute and he went on inside to help her.Later that evening, he came back out and I asked to see his hands. When he asked why, I spun a yarn about being an amateur fortuneteller, and then informed him that his hands were softer than mine were. “Are you an accountant,” I asked, “or do you work at one of those salons in the strip mall?” Admittedly, I was feeling a bit ornery that night, but this glamorous young suitor reminded me of a website that I designed several years earlier.How could a guy who smells like a Dillards counter come over to a girl’s house to do her laundry and not immediately be cast into the friend zone? Don’t get me wrong, this guy was cut out of granite and looked like he could bench press me, but he reeked of vanilla and his palms were more delicate than my linens. At that point, I briefly told him about the site and he and I had a good laugh over a beer. He confessed that he was a bouncer and was in school to become a physical therapist. The perfume cologne he wore was to cover the fact that he perpetually oozed sweat (presumably from all of those trips to the gym).These brief interludes with ‘Captain Metro’ kept reminding me of the website I published 14 years ago. The site enjoyed decent traffic even with no advertising and with home internet not being almost ubiquitous as it is today. I shuttered the site after a good run because the demands of life required so much of my time, there wasn’t anything left over for my amusing (at least to me) hobby.The next week ‘Captain Metro’ was back in the neighborhood. All week long, I kept thinking about my former website and my interfacing with my daughter’s friend. Naturally, I asked him if he had forgotten his balls again. He rolled his eyes said no, and I asked how he intended to knit with us girls without any balls of yarn… I was assuming that was why he was here. I let him know I was just teasing, and that I had something else in mind when I was giving him a hard time. The time had come, and I described in more detail the dormant website to ‘Captain Metro’ and how that was the fuel for my jokes at his expense. Metro man copped to the fact that he could be a little ‘girly’ when it came to hygiene and he did not mind taking on more traditionally feminine roles… especially when he could use it to impress a girl. When I asked him his opinion on trying to resurrect the site, he admitted I had a great idea and pursuing it would be a lot of fun.Nobody with a soul likes the meatheads on Jersey Shore, but honestly, we ALL know someone who just falls short of having a complete set, or is so submissive they act as if they have NO balls at all. Certainly, there is a happy medium between douchebag and snowflake. It was at this point, Captain Metro and I decided it was time to resurrect VirtualBallz.com.WHAT IS ITHopefully by now we have you amused, attracted your attention, and have you thinking about people who could use a nice set of VirtualBallz. Potential candidates are almost unlimited and should include, but not be limited to: Friends Family Co-workers Politicians Athletes Coaches Spouses Ex-Spouses Girlfriends / boyfriends Ex-Girlfriends/Ex-Boyfriends Military Personnel Clergy You can even get them for your pets! While you have probably already thought of a handful of people or ‘victims’ that need a pair, and if you haven’t yet, don’t fret! At some point, you’ll get stuck behind someone in traffic going 10 miles beneath the speed limit, or hear some stupid thing that someone did or said. Send them VirtualBallz! A Friend can’t make it to the pub because the boss asked them to work overtime on Friday again? Send them VirtualBallz! Your kid will not clean their room for the umpteenth time and wants to go out. Hey! Send yourself some VirtualBallz!You can use VirtualBallz for whatever purpose you want, but VirtualBallz was conceived for entertainment and fun purposes only.You can send an individual or individuals (male or female), a pair of VirtualBallz as a joke, if you think they need them for that added boost of support, or to just say GO FOR IT!! When you send somebody a pair of VirtualBallz, not only will they a laugh out of it, it may just be the push they need to ‘man up’ knowing they have your support.With the VirtualBallz website and mobile app, a user will be able to login to their account and send a pair of VirtualBallz to anyone they have an email address for, or that is set up in their contacts. The sender will be able to use their email or send the balls anonymously to the recipient. They will also be able to pick a size and a variety (brass, glass, silver etc., etc. …) of VirtualBallz along with a personalized message from the sender.The recipient will then get an email and Facebook post/notification that the “user” has sent them a pair of VirtualBallz, which will allow them to be retrieved and a certificate printed from the link provided: Certificate How will the Funds Raised by Used?While we would like to show you our actual product and its usage, funding is required to bring this idea and project to reality. We are highly motivated and plan immediate production of our website and mobile app to get this project up and going in the shortest possible amount of time. We have talked to developers and others that would be involved with bringing this to life and have tentative agreements with them pending funding.The domain names are reserved, and everything is in place to move forward. The majority of the requested funds will go to website and mobile app development. Our next largest outlay will be to purchase the original domain name and one year of web hosting. We have already negotiated this to an amount that we feel is fair for both parties involved. This will be slightly over 50% of our funding target. The additional funds will go towards merchandise production and advertising to help drive web traffic. All of this is easily realized with our funding target. Additional FundingAny additional funding we receive above the original requested amount would go to purchase upgrades and enhancements to the website, products and advertising as well as equipment. If funds do allow, we would like to Purchase a 3-d printer so that we can print 3-D Virtualballz and sell them in the online store along with the t-shirts, caps, coozies and other products.ConclusionWith inexpensive startup costs, there is very little risk in investment. Your modest donation can help bring this to life. Our passion for this project will help us transform VirtualBallz into something more tangible. VirtualBallz will lift your spirits at its worst and inspire greatness at its best. What can you spare for something potentially great today? You know you want to give some tomorrow, so c’mon…grow a pair (and fund me!). Risks and challenges After we are successfully funded, day to day operations should be relatively straight forward. Overhead will be low and fulfillment should be speedy given the ease of packaging actual and virtual products. Our main challenges will be building on our existing offerings and providing creative content that will help drive traffic to the website. Utilizing social media effectively will help our efforts, and we are confident the resulting buzz will draw potential customers to market. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter