The website will be developed based on WordPress as content management system. So website admin will be able to edit all content, as well as user profiles from the admin dashboard. Website will include the following functionality: 1) Basic content management system (CMS) CMS will make it possible for the site administrator to manage all necessary settings like admin accounts, admin email etc. and edit all static text pages. The CMS also serves as a flexible basis for the specific website functionality described below. 2) Membership Users will be able to sign up with the website and create their profiles. User profiles will include the following: Name Email Proposal: Website Development for Music Star Network Age Gender Location Personal description (message to the public) Music Genre Group Instrument Main photo Email Along with profile info users will also be able to post to their profile: Video gallery (will include videos hosted on YouTube or Vimeo) Photo Gallery Music gallery (will include mp3 that users would be able to listen to via an online player on the profile page) User’s profile gets published to the website when reviewed and approved by the site admin. Registered users can edit info in their profile, or delete their profiles. 3) Profiles search and filtering On the front end of the website musicians’ profiles are displayed as listings. User may click onto a profile to see all details – each profile has a separate page(s) within the site. Profile listings can be search is the following ways: - Based on user location, powered by Google Maps (profiles with closer locations come first is results), similar to http://sweetworks.net/find-a-distributor/ - By key word in Name or Personal Description - Use advanced search several criteria such as: Music Genre Age Instrument Group Gender Once user opens a musician’s profile he/she can view all profile info as well as navigate to Music gallery and listen to mp3, to Video page and watch videos online, as well as Photo gallery and watch photo album. User can also leave comments under a musician’s profile. In order to leave a comment user will have to go through simple registration process. Website admin will be able to moderate all comments. Only comments checked by the site admin will show up under musicians’ profiles. 4) Admin capabilities: - Edit website content - View newly registered profiles, approve them to go live or edit before they go live - View all active profiles - Deactivate (ban)/edit active profiles - View newly added comments to profiles, and approve or delete them The website will be broken down in three (4) phases:1) Prototype developement using www.axure.com tool to illustrate key website interfaces and logic. (Example of prototype: http://n81vh1.axshare.com/2). Graphic Design : The design phase will include creative concept development. Designer will create mockups for the homepage as well as key pages based on the approved prototype schemes.  One homepage design concept will be provided with up to 5 rounds of revisions prior to final approval.  When the concept (homepage design) is approved, associated key inner page templates will be provided.3). Website Development and Quality Assuance: Once all templates are approved the development phase will be commenced. During the development phase the following will take place: - Develop the shell website with features discussed. - Implement responsive coding for mobile compatibility. - Test the website against modern browsers. Once website beta version is presented, the developer will provide all necessary clarifications regarding CMS structure and functionality.4). Going Live : Once website is approved and content added the Developer will install the website to client’s hosting server. Risks and challenges Not many risk. The assignment of how much it will cost to complete this project was already made. The design is very simple and the components will be user friendly. The toughest part will be getting it out to the masses. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter