The video gives a general idea on what we want the web application to be able to do. Have you ever clipped a coupon that came in the mail or printed one off the computer and when you arrived at the checkout you either left it in the car, at home, or you just can’t find it? Have you gotten those mailers with coupons or noticed the inserts as you were reading the Sunday paper, and thought “I could use that coupon” but the thought of clipping it and keeping up with it was just too much trouble? Then MoiZoi, Inc. is the answer. That is exactly why it is being created. MoiZoi, Inc. is striving to be the leader in changing the way people save by providing a mobile application that can capture all their coupons into one app, organize, manage, and notify the user when the coupon is expiring. No fuss, no mess, no clipping, no storing, no more missed savings! There are apps that come close but only MoiZoi offers a security feature so that coupons cannot be duplicated--opening the door to utilizing manufacturer's coupons by taking a picture with your smartphone.The money we raise will be used to get the web app created. Because of what we want the app to do, we need $100,000 in order to make sure we cover all our basis. This is a all-or-nothing deal. We will not do this web application half way--it's imperative that we do it right. Risks and challenges The biggest challenge is funding at this stage in the game. We need to get the app built but in order to do that we need the money to do it right. Me and my partner are working adults with families but we both want to do more than just work till we retire. We have found a need that we are passionate about. With very little funds, we have filed a patent, built a website, started a facebook and twitter account. Once we get the app built, we can start targeting users, meet with retailers and manufacturers, courting an advantageous partner. Obstacles are a part of life, but we will find a way to overcome them. As a working mother and wife, I was able to complete my Bachelors and then my MBA while working full time and taking care of my family--the obstacles only made me stronger and more determined! I will handle any future obstacles in the same manner--with determination and passion! We will not be deterred. We believe in this app and it's ability to change the way people save! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter