Let's Kickstart this movie project off right. On behalf of Lucky Day Studios & the Mynear family in Lexington, KY we have been blessed with the opportunity to share the story of Jarrett Mynear. So WHY are we trying to share his story and make this movie?Easy.... we want to make movies that matter. No Joke..Great stories INSPIRE and The Joy Cart is one of those great stories. Instead of this film focusing on a sick boy, The Joy Cart tells the TRUE story of one boy who, in spite of insurmountable odds, became an inspiration by helping other children and their families all over the world. He understood that the greatest joy comes from helping others… from the gift of giving. We want to tell Jarrett’s story through a narrative feature length film that inspires young and old alike to get up and go out and help someone. Whether that means starting a huge community project or by simply helping your neighbor with their groceries. WHAT exactly is the storyline of The Joy Cart?....A mother’s world turns upside down when cancer strikes her son, but when he begins a weekly toy-drive for kids in the hospital that grows into a national movement, she helps him create a legacy that inspires thousands and outlasts his disease......( Short SYNOPSIS below:)The movie starts at Memorial Coliseum for DanceBlue, with hundreds of college students on their feet for 24 hours at a dance marathon to benefit pediatric oncology at the Kentucky Children’s Hospital. Jennifer Mynear is there to tell the story of her son, Jarrett, like she does every year. We flash back to where she begins the story and see Jennifer as a well-organized mother of two, juggling life while trying to build a new house. Jarrett, her twelve year-old son, has survived another bout with cancer and life is nearly back to normal for Jennifer and her family. Just as she is finally regaining control of her life a new cancer strikes Jarrett, and her world turns upside down again. Fortunately, Jarrett possesses an amazing zest for life and nothing is going to keep him from experiencing the life he knows he is meant to live. Jarrett discovers that he has the ability to make life better for the other sick kids by having fun and giving away his toys. When he gets the idea to start a toy drive to lift the spirits of the kids in the hospital, Jennifer reluctantly agrees to help him. He seeks permission from the hospital board, raises money to buy the toys and launches the program at the University of Kentucky Children’s Hospital. As the “Joy Cart” attracts national attention, Jennifer enjoys her proudest moment and faces her greatest challenge, how to save her son’s life. Through the Joy Cart, Jennifer discovers that she can help Jarrett create a legacy that will outlast his disease. They help to launch a second Joy Cart in Seattle and Jennifer helps create the huge student run philanthropy, DanceBlue. We end the movie back at DanceBlue for the big reveal of the annual amount raised at the event and learn that the dance marathon has raised millions of dollars for pediatric oncology and research at UK in Jarrett’s name. So why use Kickstarter to help fund this movie?Jarrett used to say, “Not everybody can do anything as big as the Joy Cart, but everybody can do something to help another person.” It used to be that you just knew someone that knew someone that had been touched by cancer, but now a days, cancer is a part of everyone's life; families, friends, and children have all been affected. This project is about the big picture, the fact that hope exist in each and every one of us, no matter what the situation, to be able to make a difference. Enter Kickstarter..... this super amazing funding platform that is a potential beacon of hope for small studios everywhere. Could it work for us, could it be the answer to our passion project prayers?? If we do get the project funded are we capable enough to make a GREAT movie? SO many questions, so lets explain a few of the details...First, we have consulted with a major studio to make sure we have the script just right to do this justice. This is a true story, and the family has been fully involved. We have reassembled much of the experienced production team we used on our first film, Unrequited. Due out soon on Lionsgate. We have put together the script, the crew and the experience to make this movie happen. Now we need you. We need to have roughly $500K to make this movie a reality and we have established a Kickstarter goal of $75k to cover our initial seed budget. All Kickstarter monies will go directly into initial cast, crew and production expenses after Kickstarter & Amazon fees have been paid. Under Kickstarter’s rules, if we don’t reach our goal, then we don’t get the money and we will have to try to raise the seed money another way. WE are very committed to make this movie a reality and the successful Kickstarter campaign will activate additional funding opportunities for this movie project. However.. our goal is to raise as much as possible thru this KS campaign. But $75k will certainly launch the project in the right direction. If we raise the whole $500,000 through Kickstarter, we will be ready to shoot the movie this summer!_____________________________________________________WHO’S ON BOARD? We have an amazing team of film making professionals that are anxious to get started on this film:Jeff Day, DIRECTOR/WRITER: An award-winning screenwriter/director with over 25 years of experience on stage and screen, Jeff Day is the co-founder of Lucky Day Studios. Jeff received his MFA in Directing at the University of Utah in conjunction with Robert Redford’s Sundance Institute. Jeff is a three-time winner of the Directing Award of Excellence from the Kennedy Center’s, KCACTF. He is currently the Director of Theatre & Cinema Performance at Asbury University. Jeff is a member of SAG and the WGA. Chad Gundersen, PRODUCER: Chad’s feature films include Midnight Clear (Lionsgate, 2007) starring Stephen Baldwin; The Secrets of Jonathan Sperry (5 & 2 Pictures, 2009) starring Gavin MacLeod; Like Dandelion Dust (20th Century Fox, 2010) starring Mira Sorvino, Barry Pepper and Cole Hauser; and Unrequited (2010) starring Michael Welch of the Twilight series. Recently, he completed A Christmas Snow, Unlimited, and Redemption. Steven Douglas Smith, CINEMATOGRAPHER: Award-Winning Cinematographer Steven Douglas Smith has enjoyed a varied and groundbreaking career as a pioneer for the “digital generation.” A graduate of USC’s Film School, Steven has earned his stripes as an HD Specialist. He shot Disney’s $200 million dollar ambitious and groundbreaking feature film, Dinosaur. Steven continues to build on his impressive resume which includes working on more than 20 feature films. He is the recipient of the prestigious Kodak Visionary Award for his work on the film No Easy Way. Steven just came off the latest Scary Movie set. Rob Pottorf, COMPOSER: Rob has been composing full-time for the last nineteen years. In 1997, Rob scored his first film, followed quickly by his first animated film in 1998. In that same year, he composed for the new Disney World’s Animal Kingdom’s main street parade which ran for two seasons. Over the last ten years, he has scored numerous film, television and ongoing series projects such as CourtTV’s Crime Stories, Bob Vila’s Restore America, Turner South’s Three Day Weekend and Blue Ribbon series, PBS’ Danger Rangers, Hermie & Friends. In addition to continuing his work for ongoing animated series, he has composed the original score for many feature films including, The Trial, Jimmy, Broken and Unrequited. Tom Lockridge, WRITER/PRODUCER: A 1984 graduate of the University of Kentucky College of Law, Tom Lockridge has been a successful attorney for more than 25 years. Tom served as a writer and producer of the Lionsgate release Unrequited and is the co-founder of Lucky Day Studios. Tom is a co-writer of The Joy Cart script and a member of the Writers Guild of America. ________________________________CAN YOU GUYS REALLY DO THIS?Absolutely, positively, YES.... This is our passion project and we have taken the extra time with the script as well as the time to put together a group of extraordinary filmmakers to shoot this film. We have community support thru out Central Kentucky to complete the project and we have the support of the Mynear family to share this inspiring story with the world. Plus, we just finished a successful movie project recently, called Unrequited. That movie starred Michael Welch from the Twilight saga, Sarah Habel from MTV’s Underemployed, Brett Rice from Footloose and David Keith from U-571 and An Officer and a Gentleman. The movie has sold in ten foreign countries, was an official selection in the Acefest Film Festival at Tribeca Cinemas in New York, the First Glance Film Festival in Hollywood and several other festivals around the country. We expect Lionsgate to release Unrequited in the U.S. early next year. WE are READY to tell this story to the world! SO YOU ARE PROBABLY ASKING...HOW CAN I HELP?Other than donating to the campaign of course? You can help us SPREAD THE WORD! Tell your family, friends, colleagues, schoolmates, pets, mailman, garbage man, teacher and everybody else you see, about the project via email, text message, share it on FaceBook, Tweet about it, anything...everything you can. WE have roughly 30 days to complete this funding and get this movie into production, BUT we can not get it done without your help and support! And don't think, we won't do our part. We are having a Kickstarter Kickoff Bash for the launch of the campaign on April 23 at both Saul Good locations in Lexington, KY. Everyone is invited to this event. Details to follow on our Facebook page. You can ask people to follow us on Facebook @ facebook.com/TheJoyCartMovieProjectOr on Twitter @ twitter.com/TheJoyCartMovie I’M NEW TO THIS: EXPLAIN TO ME HOW KICKSTARTER WORKS!Easy..We set a goal -- in this case, $75,000. We set a deadline. It is May 23, 2013. You pledge whatever your heart desires. If you even contribute as little as $1, you would be bringing us closer to our goal. Remember that the bigger the pledge, the greater the rewards (look up and to the right for a list of all the rewards we offer).If we make the goal by the deadline, your credit card is charged what you pledged (but not until then). We are on our way to making the film, you get your rewards and all is right with the world.If we don't make the goal, your credit card is NOT charged, we do NOT get a penny, you do NOT get any amazing goodies and EVERYONE is upset. No pressure. :) DO YOU HAVE SHOOTING DATES? Yes. If the funding is complete, we plan to go into production on July 20, 2013So.. please help us get this movie made by pledging to our Kickstarter project TODAY! -Thanks, Jeff, Tom, Chris, Eric & David Risks and challenges You can't expect to make a movie without any hiccups now can you? But this much is true, we have assembled the filmakers already, polished the script, scouted locations..talked to the public, met with related charities and associations, kissed the babies..(well, we havent done that yet). But you get the picture. Our only hiccup is how fast or slow we can make this movie based on the funding we receive from this project and the help of some private donors hopefully! ( You know who you are..) :) We will be tackling the cast and production discussions via regular updates to this page and our beloved backers once the project is funded. This is a chance to be part of something bigger than just the personal story. Help us make this happen! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter