The i10 Power Series Lightning Cable:We have heard so many different complaints about charger cables for iPhones. People complaining about how the cables are so short or how they break so easily. Well here at i10 we were tired of the same thing. That is why we are present our Power Series Lightning cable for your consideration. What exactly is different for our cable to other cables on the market?Well to start with our cable is 6 ft in length. Still providing the optimal amount of power being sent to your cable from any source. Our product is MFI Certified with Apple. Making sure that it compatible with any IOS and future IOS updates. The cable itself is made of Nylon Braiding. Making it strong enough for anything you can throw at it. Each on the tip of our cable it Steel Encased. This prevents your cable from damage and fraying. Here at i10 we believe in our cable so much that we back it with a Lifetime Warranty. Why do we need your help?We have made test runs with prototypes in Premium Retail Stores in the Gulf State Region. And we have had extreme success! Problem is we can not meet up with the high demand people are asking and that is where we need your help.We want to make this product available to everyone around the world through retail store and online market places. With backing this product we will be able to bring the product from our minds to you home in a very Short period of time. Now Available in Micro USB Black Specifically Designed to Fit in Any Case. Estimated Production- August 1st 2015- We confirm with our manufactures the order of materials needed for each cable. - August 8th 2015- Materials needed arrive at our manufacturers for production.- September 5th 2015- Products are ship to our main office location. - September 12th 2015- Products arrive at main offices. - September 12th- 15th 2015- We inspect each cable for any type of defects.- September 16th 2015- Start filling out orders from Kickstarter Campaign.- September 18th 2015- First shipment of cables are sent out into the world!!! Risks and challenges Here at i10 we live by a motto "Quality is Key". With any new product there are risk and the quality of our cables are what we make sure is the most important thing to you as a consumer. We personally tested this cable and have made changes to make sure the product you receive is the product we promised. We will continue to make changes to our product to make it the best it can be. This is a hypothetical situation, but you always need to plan for the unknown. We preach everyday that good communication is what makes for a great company. Problems arise, delays happen, but we want to make sure all of our backers are up to date with how the production of our cable is going. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter