What is a house without lights, a car not able to blink or a lighthouse with…well just dark bricks? LIGHT STAX brings LED light into the world of bricks like LEGO® and MEGA BLOKS®. Each brick contains a powerful LED. You can use them to build imaginative light creations and you can also use them to light up your own collection of building blocks. LIGHT STAX comes in a wide range of both solid and transparent colors. They work without wires and have multiple lighting modes, but it can also be used with extension cables. Just imagine the possibilities! LIGHT STAX come to life when you build them onto Power STAX. It may look like a regular 2x4 brick but... look again! It has a micro USB connector and a small switch on the side. Plug in a USB cable and connect it to your smart phone adapter, laptop or power bank. LIGHT STAX has 3 light options: instant on, blinking or glowing. But there is more! In this wireless world we wanted to get rid of cables so we designed a cute little 4x4 stud Lithium Polymer brick. One of these battery bricks will light a STAX for almost 50 hours and can be recharged over and over again. No need for batteries! You can build with LIGHT STAX any way you like. No matter how many studs you connect, the bricks will pass on the light. We offer extension cables as well to reach far and hidden places. LIGHT STAX is part of the STAX system family and will continue to surprise. The first born was a bigger version of LIGHT STAX (JUNIOR). They were launched in 2014 as LED building bricks on DUPLO® scale. The new smaller offspring will include exciting items like SOUND STAX, SENSOR STAX, MOTOR STAX and more. All of these will become available as fully compatible 2x4 and 4x4 stud bricks. We may also develop other LIGHT STAX brick sizes. Let us know what kind of LIGHT STAX you would like to see as we take your feedback very seriously! As a stretch goal (when reaching €50,000 in pledges) we will finalize the development of SOUND STAX. With SOUND STAX you can record and play real sounds. So, do you want to have a brick dog that barks like your own, a brick car with the sound of a real Ferrari or a brick figure that sounds like your biggest hero? Then hop on the STAX train and extend your brick world. Lights up your brick world - for kids and adults alike No batteries needed (use our LiPo 4x4 brick or USB power) One power source can light up more than 500 LIGHT STAX No wires necessary but with extension cables you can reach far and hidden places. 100% compatible with all major brick brands High quality proven concept (years of development behind us) Great value for money We created a nice range of backer rewards, but are open to suggestions. We take your feedback very seriously, so when you would like to see another type of reward just let us know! Build a beautiful sparkling red LIGHT STAX heart. Includes 18 red 2x4 Transparent STAX, a 0.8 m USB Cable and the 4x4 Mobile Power STAX (LiPo battery brick). In total you will receive 20 parts. Be quick because there are only 100 of this reward available. Will be shipped in August, well before the regular rewards. Be the first to play with LIGHT STAX! Build a brilliant LIGHT STAX Soccer Player. Includes 40 pcs 2x4 Regular STAX, one 2x2 Regular STAX, USB Cable 0.8 m and a 4x4 Mobile Power STAX. At the end of the Kickstarter project you will receive a survey to choose your favorite club colours. In total you will receive 43 Parts. Be quick because there are only 100 of this reward available. Will be shipped in August, well before the regular rewards. Be the first to play with LIGHT STAX! Build an impressive LIGHT STAX Super Hero. Includes 21 pcs 2x4 regular STAX, 1 pc 2x4 transparent STAX, 11 pcs 2x2 regular STAX, 1 pc 2x2 transparent STAX, USB Cable 0.8 m and 4x4 Mobile Power STAX. Total of 36 Parts. Be quick because there are only 50 of this reward available.Will be shipped in September. The LIGHT STAX Starter Pack Includes 50 pcs LIGHT STAX served to your liking (free choice of 2x2 and 2x4 STAX in any regular or transparent colour - fill in survey at the end of the campaign) plus 2 pcs EXTENSION STAX 0.5 m, USB Cable 0.8 and 4x4 Mobile Power STAX. In total you will receive 54 Parts. Be quick because there are only 100 of this reward available. Will be shipped in August, well before the regular rewards. Be the first to play with LIGHT STAX! The LIGHT STAX Starter Pack includes 50 pcs LIGHT STAX served to your liking (free choice of 2x2 and 2x4 STAX in any regular or transparent color - survey @ end of campaign) plus 2 pcs EXTENSION STAX 0.5 m, a USB Cable 0.8 and a 4x4 Mobile Power STAX. In total you will receive 54 Parts. Build a beautiful LIGHT STAX Butterfly. This reward includes 74 pcs 2x4 Transparent Stax, a USB Cable 0.8 m and a 4x4 Mobile Power STAX. You will receive a total of 76 Parts. As a special for Kickstarter we will produce a unique LIGHT STAX Street Lamp. This reward includes 4 special LAMP STAX, 50 pcs LIGHT STAX served to your liking (free choice of 2x2 and 2x4 STAX in any regular or transparent color - survey @ end of campaign) plus 4 pcs EXTENSION STAX 0.5 m, a USB Cable 0.8 and a 4x4 Mobile Power STAX. You will receive a total of 60 Parts. This Bulk Pack includes 100 pcs LIGHT STAX served to your liking (free choice of 2x2 and 2x4 STAX in any regular or transparent color - survey @ end of campaign) plus 2 pcs EXTENSION STAX 0.5 m, a USB Cable 0.8 and a 4x4 Mobile Power STAX. You will receive a total of 104 Parts. Build this iconic Rock Guitar in LIGHT STAX. This reward includes 72 pcs 2x4 Regular STAX, 29 pcs 2x4 Transparent STAX, 28 pcs 2x2 Regular STAX, a USB Cable 0.8 m and a 4x4 Mobile Power STAX. You will receive a total of 131 Parts. This Bulk Pack really gets your family started. This reward includes 250 pcs LIGHT STAX served to your liking (free choice of 2x2 and 2x4 STAX in any regular or transparent color - survey @ end of campaign) plus 4 pcs EXTENSION STAX 0.5 m, a USB Cable 0.8 and a 4x4 Mobile Power STAX. You will receive a total of 256 Parts. This Fan Pack includes everything you need to illumunate modular buildings or any other big project you're working on. And when your hunger for light is still not satisfied, feel free to take more Packs! The reward includes 10 unique LAMP STAX, 250 pcs LIGHT STAX served to your liking (free choice of 2x2 and 2x4 STAX in any regular or transparent color - survey @ end of campaign) plus 10 pcs EXTENSION STAX 0.5 m, a USB Cable 0.8 and a 4x4 Mobile Power STAX. You will receive a total of 272 Parts. LIGHT STAX works really well for schools. With this reward you can design a STEM project all students will like! The Class Pack includes 1000 pcs LIGHT STAX served to your liking (free choice of 2x2 and 2x4 STAX in any regular or transparent color - survey @ end of campaign) plus 8 pcs EXTENSION STAX 0.5 m, 2 pcs USB Cable 0.8 m and 2 pcs 4x4 Mobile Power STAX. You will receive a total of 1012 Parts. For each reward over €30 you are entitled to choose add-ons. Simply calculate the extra pledge from the menu below. You can choose any quantity of the parts included. Add the extra pledge to the original award pledge - this can also be done afterwards by changing you pledge.Important: don't forget to send us a message with the desired add-ons and we will send them together with your reward in September! As expected, the interest in the Lamp STAX are overwhelming. Therefore we would like to give some extra information. The Lamp STAX will work best with extension cables. Simply connect them and bundle the extension cables at one spot. The bundled extension cables can then easily be connected to one of the power bricks. This way you can light up many Lamp STAX all at once from one power source and light up your LEGO® street or city. The Lamp STAX will also work just fine when directly connected to either the USB power brick or mobile power brick. We’re hoping to raise at least 20K€ with our campaign. Your contributions will be spent on getting all the LIGHT STAX goodies mass produced and finalizing the Lithium Polymer 4x4 STAX brick (including all necessary certifications). Furthermore we will develop the LIGHT STAX Lamp Post as a special for Kickstarter (available in some rewards). When you are only half as excited about STAX System as we are, then we may even reach our 50k€ stretch goal. In that case we will also develop the amazing SOUND STAX. In 2010 the bright idea for LIGHT STAX is born in the head of Johnny from Taiwan and he has been improving it ever since. Early 2012 Johnny shows the first prototypes of LIGHT STAX JUNIOR (a DUPLO® size building block) at the world’s biggest Toy Fair in Nürnberg. This is where Arno from Brandtraders in the Netherlands meets Johnny for the first time. They share a passion for LEGO and toy innovation. Thomas from Abanico in Germany, being a friend of Johnny, is asked to help getting LIGHT STAX onto the European market.In 2014 Johnny, Thomas, Stefan (also from Abanico) and Arno find each other in preparing a launch in Europe. Finally...the market release of LIGHT STAX JUNIOR! In 2015 and 2016 the team from Taiwan, Germany and the Netherlands works even more closely together to get the new LEGO® scale LIGHT STAX ready. So, here we are! The original bigger size LIGHT STAX (now usually referred to as LIGHT STAX JUNIOR) already received numerous awards that we are proud of. It’s been a New York Toy Fair favorite and it was nominated Best of Toy Fair. Last year the awards just kept coming in. We think that the new brick scale LIGHT STAX may be an even bigger prize winner! LEGO® and DUPLO® are trademarks of the LEGO Group of companies which does not sponsor, authorize or endorse Kickstarter or this project. Risks and challenges There is a slight possibility that high demand challenges our production capacity for this season. The Mobile Power STAX contains advanced LiPo battery technology. This is much safer than the Li-ion, but we will need to get all certifications and test results done in time. Currently the STAX connectors work really well. The challenge is to keep the high quality in mass production. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter