Once upon a (long) time... This project represents years and years of work and learning. I have had the dream to record an album my entire life. In the latter part of 2007 the music I wanted to make begin to take shape around a little banjo I bought. Then I spent almost three more years writing and learning to play all alone, yet all the while hearing music in my head of how I hoped one day it could be, aching for people to play my music with me. I set out to record five fledgling songs with the help of a friend in the fall of 2009. I learned so much in doing so, mainly how much I still had to learn!! Hello there, nice to meet you! But in that process I finally began to meet the people that would pull everything together. I knew the sound I wanted now, and one by one I was honord to meet three amazing muicians that had the ability in their hands to do what I could not do alone: turn my little songs into music! I just can't not do it. I have to sing. Believe me, I tried to let go of it! The songs I wrote are part of myself and I feel like I have a responsibility to them. I wrote them to be soft and sunny and sweet, to counteract all the things in life that are not. To remind myself and anyone who happens upon them that things are going to be okay. I want to record an honest album, that doesn't try to be something it isn't, just songs I wrote from my heart and played by my best friends. This is my dream and I had to ask myself: who will fight for it if I don't? As an artist and as a person I will not feel complete untill I see this goal completed. I want to make the kind of album that I can confidently put on itunes and submit to Pandora Internet Radio and know that I could not have done it any better. To know that it is the exact sound that I heard in my heart when the ten songs that will be on the album were written. You can count on the fact that on my end, no detail will be ignored. This album must stand for a lifelong dream. I must be able to send it out into the ether and trust that when it lands in the hands of people who make big choices for songwriters that they will hear a professional recording of my very best work. And the thing is...I have everything I need to do that! The studio time, the engineer, the songs, the musicians, the arrangements. Everything right there waiting except...enough funds!! And so... Recording is a VERY expensive undertaking and I really need some help. This project is what has been driving me for many, many years and I HAVE to do it. But altogether I will need to spend at least three to four times the amount I am trying to get funded. I'm not one to shy away from working hard, but that is an amount I just do not have and can not earn in a timely fashion! What I do have is this dream and it is small right now, but I want to try with all my heart to make it as big as I can, while I can. Even if it is just to say that I did try with all my heart. I would definitely appreciate any help...very, very much. Go here to listen: http://www.reverbnation.com/play_now/song_8936764