Get Connected, Stay Connected Are you fed up with the bigger social media networks, like Facebook or Twitter? Do you find it difficult to stay privately in contact with your circle of friends and your family, your community members, spread across the word, as we are these days? Or perhaps you are thinking of starting up a group’s website so you can all stay in touch and share photos and other documents with each other. Building that kind of secure website is not cheap and there are plenty of groups and small associations, scattered across the globe, particularly in the developing countries, that simply cannot afford to set up their own and pay the cost of keeping it maintained. That’s where we come in. We created something called WebForGroups, a cost effective, a very affordable way for groups of people to stay in touch with each other, in a matter of minutes.What is WebForGroups All About? WebForGroups is smart platform that delivers full-fledge websites for groups. You get a standalone website, with minimal customization, one that deploys in under 5 minutes and is completely secure and private, is only accessible by folks you’ve invited and approved. Each group gets their own website and can invite their own users to participate in online chat, sharing blogs, sharing files and photos, accepting PayPal payments or donations and generally staying in touch. It’s a place for people who are tired of the commercialism of social media sites like Facebook and a place for those who simply want a private social network that is member only, where they don’t have to read rubbish posted by people they don’t know. Features Overview: http://www.webforgroups.com/features Our solution is all-in-one prepackaged solution, highly affordable with prices starting at just $16 for a month or $194 for a whole year’s membership. Who Are We?We are Multi-World Technologies LLC, based in Houston and we are a Technology and Management Consulting firm. We’ve been going since 2003 (12 years) and have customers spread across the four corners of the World. We want our World, your World to be connected differently, we want people everywhere, no matter where they are, to be able to stay in touch, to have a support network and a private social network where they can collaborate with each other, chat in real time and share their lives with each other. That’s why we’ve developed our solution www.webforgroups.comMulti-World Technologies, LLC is BBB accredited and A+ Rated - by the Better Business Bureau How Much Do We Need and What Do We Get?We are looking for $10,000 which will give us the money we need to really get this solution off the ground. The money will primarily be used to pay for marketing, support, web hosting, servers and data storage facilities for all the groups. We also need to pay for overheads such as salaries and ongoing maintenance. For your kind donation, you will get $24 gets you: Your own private WebForGroups for 6 months (75% off our launch price) Immediate access to your WebForGroups (months before our June 1st Launch) Your 6 Months only start counting from June 1st … 48 gets you Your own private WebForGroups for 12 months (75% off our launch price) Immediate access to your WebForGroups (months before our June 1st Launch) Your 12 Months only start counting from June 1st … $96 gets you Your Name displayed on our Special WebForGroups Contributors page Your own private WebForGroups for 12 months (50% off our launch price) Immediate access to your WebForGroups (months before our June 1st Launch) Your 12 Months only start counting from June 1st … Dedicated domain name registered for 12 months (redirected to your W4G) Help us to Help You Stay Connected Every cent will help us to get this solution off the ground and running. We are planning to go live on June 1st 2015 but, if you can’t help us financially then please help us in another way. Use those social media connections you have to spread the word and share our story with your friends and family, all your followers and their friends. Tell people what we are doing and urge them to sign up with us, ready for launch day so that we really can get this whole world connected and talking, privately! How does it work? To get started, you’ll simply need: A name for your group -An alias for your group (used for your URL) www.webforgroups.com/alias -Your email address (or approver / administrator … whoever will approve members) -OPTIONAL: up to 3 photos or images, to be displayed on your homepage That’s it! When you contribute, you’ll receive your license code by email. Simply use it to generate your own WebForGroups in less than 5 minutes at www.webforgroups.com Thank you !! WebForGroups in Action ... Family Association Moms Club Photo Club Exclusive Club Dating Club Thinkers Risks and challenges Our WebForGroups solution is robust, ready and already LIVE. June 1st marks our big launch and the start of our big marketing effort and various campaigns. There's little to no risk, and we are able to immediately give WebForGroups access to all our backers. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter