Our Story The weSTAND is a stand for smartphones and tablets. But, what we are creating is a social mission and a story; a story about what we stand for. What do we stand for? Good design, creativity, busy minds...But most of all people. Real people. Did you know? You can feed a child in Mexico with $4 a day The average cost of sending a child to school Mexico is $9 per week Yet, 1 in every 7 children suffer from malnutrition, and millions of Mexicans struggle to pay the mere cost of transporting their children to school. By contributing to our project, you can help support our mission of targeting small Mexican communities where human development is lacking, and providing what they need in order to start taking steps forward; starting with their most basic needs and concerns, like what they will eat that day, and keeping young brains nourished. Note: We abide by the KickStarter rules, and aren't soliciting donations for this cause. The funds for this project will support the development of our business model.Design We designed the weStand, an aluminum stand for smartphones and tablets with real people (who get their hands real full) in mind. weSTAND You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 The weStand has a sleek design that's compatible with busy lives. It features: A charger entry for you to plug in while Skypeing grandpop, or transfer files to your phone Compatible with thicker chargers (17 mm) Charger Entry High quality anodized aluminum What is anodized aluminum you ask? It's aluminum that's been coated with a protective oxide layer by an electrolytic process that protects your stand from getting scratches Anti-slip grip on both the surface and bottom of the stand to keep everything in its place, and your phone scratch-free Angled support for watching videos, following recipes, or flipping through pictures of your dog's most recent bubble bath Available in a variety of colors: Colors Available Classic Black - Red - Orange - Gold - Green - Blue - Silver You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Risks and challenges Our main obstacle is the question that popped into your head when you first saw our project: "What makes this stand different from every other smartphone stand out there?" I could list the cool-sounding features again (like anodized aluminum) or tell you that our design is user-focused and created by the best talent. But, while those things are true, what we are trying to sell is our story. We hope to create a business that will make an impact. Being from Mexico, we have been surrounded by people who know the true meaning of strife and woe. We plan to contribute 10% of our proceeds towards the development of poverty-stricken communities in Mexico (Note: The funds we raise through Kickstarter will strictly be used as seed money for the business. This project is not to raise funds for the communities in Mexico, that will begin with our first sales as a business). Our story is about using good design and good business acumen to stand for people and helping them up, and about showing others that they can do the same. To get the word out about our story, we will focus strong efforts on marketing and branding. We plan to distribute our products through established vendors and through online methods, such as our product site (WIP at www.westanddesigns.com ), Amazon, and ebay. The risks for you are minimal. This is essentially a presale, so as long as you pledge at least $25, you will get your weStand. The equipment and facilities to start production on a small scale are already in place and functioning, for Rafael Moreno is an established engineer in possession of these resources. What we need to invest capital in are materials, labor, and a strong marketing campaign. In order to move forward, though, we plan to invest in the machinery (of an approximate value of $10,000 USD) that will enable economies of scale in production. The risk remains small, though, because we will only scale operations based on demand from consumers, meaning, we will only operate at the capacity that is appropriate for existing demand. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter