What we are trying to do:We are raising funds to give all football fans a chance to fake it until you make it! Taking a trip to the Super Bowl is expensive! First you have to get there, then get a hotel room, then get tickets, have money for food, and beer, lots of beer money! Why spend your money on $15 beers and $20 nachos! Save your funds and fake it! Get a selfie of you at the Super Bowl! Post it like you were there! Let us do the work while you watch the big game from the comfort of your own casa, and save your money. Be there or be square...Kinda sorta. Oh yeah and I am a Seattle Seahawks fan so if you don't want a selfie and you are New England Patriots fan let me know and I might find it in my heart to change my shirt in a few selfies.How it's done: My crew and I will be going to Super Bowl XLIX and take selfies from various locations and angles while at the game. After we will return home and begin cutting out our faces and putting your beautiful mugs that you email, Facebook, or tweet us, in the place of ours! We will then either email, Facebook, or tweet them back to you! You can tell all of your Facebook friends or Twitter pals that you were there! Not! How will they know, unless they were at your Super Bowl party, well dude then your screwed and you'll have a nice pic of your face on my body, yay!Timeline:January 23rd - 28th: Gather photo(s) of donors, preferred method of delivery of photo.January 31st: Fly to the Super Bowl!February 1st: Take a bazillion selfies at the Super Bowl!February 2nd: Fly back to the shop, post choices of selfies and begin cutting and pasting heads.February 23rd: Send out Super Bowl Selfie(s)!What you get out of it:Super Bowl Selfie - a digital photo of you at the Super Bowl! Well a photo of me at the Super Bowl with your face in place of mine. Selfie(s) will be sent to you via email, Twitter, or Facebook.Questions? Email us @ superbowlselfie@gmail.com Risks and challenges Possible obstacles: Technical difficulties - -If the camera gets broke, thats okay we will bring more than one. -If a computer crashes, thats okay will have a backup of all of the data. -If the internet breaks because Kim Kardashian posts another picture, then we will call Al Gore because he invented the internet and he will fix it. Logistical difficulties - -Flying to the game, the flight could be delayed or cancelled. If this happens we will drive through the night and arrive on time. -If we have to drive, we could get a flat tire or run out of gas. If we get a flat we will change it. If we run out of gas then we are idiots, but if we have a blonde moment and it happens then will will call roadside assistance. -If our hotel is overbooked then we will find another to stay in. If all of the hotels are full then we will sleep in the car or hope we make some quick friends! Everything else- -If the weather is bad, thats okay cause the stadium has a retractable roof! -If everyone in the world wants a Super Bowl Selfie, there might be a slight delay in receiving your selfie, because my team only has so many hands, so we will build a robot to help us. Haha J/K (but that would be cool and another Kickstarter!) Learn about accountability on Kickstarter