Hi there! I'm MOrlov but a lot of my friends just call me Mo. I make music and I do it extraordinarily well! I would brag about myself a bit more but first let's take a look at what this project is about!In short and boring way of saying it: The goal of this project is to make an Album while involving you in its inception and letting you influence the creative outcome. I believe with your help it must turn out amazing!According to my plan the Album will consist of 12-15 musical pieces, most likely instrumental, electronic tracks, although I want it to be as open and challenging as it can, so there are no genre limitations. Nothing is off the table.Now that we scratched the surface of what it's gonna be we can now get deeper and find out why this project is so cool! Why do I care and why should You care about this project?As far as I'm aware this is a unique and one of the kind project. How often do you get a chance to tell a talented, skilled and overall awesome musician (putting my humbleness aside) to create music about something that you want? And even more importantly, how often does this mythical musician actually listen and want to do it him/her self. Well, you're lucky. You've just stumbled upon a project where you personally can influence an artist and what will be created. Ever since I first started creating music long long time ago the one, most exciting part of it was exploration, challenges, learning and trying new things. While it is a lot of fun, in fact, some of the best times in my life, it can get a little dull. Especially when it turns into a grind to just barely make a living. Then I thought to myself: Who wants that? Who wants to turn something they love into something boring? I don't, so why not make it thrilling and exciting again by involving other people who also want some thrill and excitement in their life. That is why I want you to be the part of this experience, to challenge me to create something that is different, unique and exciting for you, me and all of us to enjoy. How are we going to do that? You may be asking and this is how:You will tell me what the title of the, soon to become great, tune should be by giving me a 3 word title. Any three words you want (eg. rave piano duck), it can be a phrase and possibly more than three words, although don't write paragraphs. It can be three absolutely unrelated words or maybe something that presents a paradox! That would be a fun challenge.Of course there's more! We can also make an addition to the title to let the world know to whom is this musical piece dedicated to. It can be you( obviously), somebody you love or care about, somebody you want to surprise or possibly play a joke on. So the title of our piece could look something like this "Title Title Title for Name Of Your Choice". You don't have to limit yourself to real people though. You can dedicate it to fictional characters if you feel it could influence the tone and feel of the musical piece in a way that you wish to hear it. When the goal will be reached and I will have received all the Title suggestions I will pick the best, most entertaining and challenging ones and assemble all 12-15 (possibly more) titles in order to try and tell an entertaining musical story throughout the album. Just look at how excited this baby is about this project! Now you may be wondering who is this wonderful Musician? Well, let me brag!I've been into music my entire life. I started playing with my grandfather's synthesizers since I was a toddler, then when I was 8 years of age I started learning Accordion and a few years after that I self-taught playing acoustic guitar. It didn't stop there though. As technology advanced I got myself immersed in computer music and technology (the nerdy stuff). Following my passion I went to University where I got BSc in Music Technology and now society qualifies me as educated! Anyway, this all means nothing if there aren't any works of mine released to enjoy by people on this wonderful world. But there are! There are a number musical wonders that I created. Some of them serious and some of them not so much, but still, enjoyable nonetheless. A quick search on YouTube and a look on SoundCloud reveals that my creations have gathered views/plays in hundreds of thousands and in some cases conquering attentions of over a million people. Some of my stuff even got some radio play time. On a less glorious note: I've been working with some small indie labels, freelancing and ghost producing for other artists to make ends meet but Regardless! I maintain my will to stay an Independent Artist! Me in my royal outfit (Most definitely not Photoshoped) Now I'm sure you already came up with some great ideas that you wish to hear realized but in case you forgot some, I will remind you why you should join us on this adventurous project. It's possibly a once in a lifetime opportunity. You can dedicate it to you girlfriend/boyfriend, friend, parent or anyone as a surprising gift and everybody will know it! That's a hard to beat act of kindness, right? You can get your fantasy turned into music! And let everyone know that it's for you! How is that for a personal ringtone? You can promote yourself or your brand! (I hope it's a cool brand) I'm sure I'll get at least one or two tracks of the album to get some radio play time. Does a possibility of a track with your title and name playing on the radio doesn't sound cool enough? You can immortalize your name in music which will always be available on Spotify, iTunes and all the rest fancy music distributors. You can make a statement. Social, political or comical statement. The choice is yours! And lastly you will get this nice, warm feeling inside you which you get when you give a helping hand to others. Let's summarize what the end product will look like:The end product will be a digital Album consisting of tracks with your titles, music will also include your submitted samples. I will also write a description for each track to explain how your title influenced the creative process, how it relates to the sounds that were being used, the arrangement or everything else for that matter. I will also explain how audio samples from backers' were incorporated in each track. The album will be available for everyone else on Spotify, Youtube, iTunes, etc.My estimation is that to complete this project I will need 6-8 weeks but I want the end result to be nothing less than amazing so I won't hesitate to take a few extra weeks to fine-tune it if necessary. Some more info:You can check out my Personal Youtube Channel and my Personal Soundcloud Profile to listen to some more of my stuff!Pretty much the only expenses for this project are the distribution, then possibly an artwork, the rest I can take care of without spending much, if any, money. The rest of the cash raised goes towards making more, higher quality music (gear, software, knowledge). Also, these funds cover for some of the essentials for my survival which are: internet, water and food, respectively. The 1st track you will get as a part of REWARD #2 and up. The 2nd track you will get as a part of REWARD #2 and up. It's been a year since this was supposed to be released but for whatever reason it isn't. So I figured you will be the first ones to be able to download it. Some disclaimers: All materials that come with rewards will be presented in digital format (except for letters). Unless, however, this project blows up and there's a big demand for it. You cannot submit copyrighted audio samples. All submitted samples must be copyright free. Titles that include hate speech or other material that can get me into real trouble may be altered or outright disqualified. BONUSIf you scrolled all the way down here it must mean you are interested in this project. I appreciate your interest very much so here I'm offering you a freebie! Here's a track I've produced a couple of years ago. You can download it here. Cheers! Risks and challenges There is always a slim chance that a zombie apocalypse, an alien invasion or some natural disaster could prevent this project getting done. I can't really think of anything else that would stop us! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter