Features, about the project, how it works Once you create a new text*, image, video, or link Strain, as shown above, Your Strain is sent out to three random users on the network. What then? Keep reading... Above is the notifications page we were talking about earlier. On this page, a user sees the various Strains, text, image, video and link, that have been shared with them. Tapping on one of the Strains takes them to the following page: This page is at the core of the concept behind Viral. Here a user is able to view the Strain and are then presented with three options. The difference is, there is no dumb luck, there was a proper sharing process that your Strain was exposed to in order to maximize it's chances of going viral. *Text Strains have a 200 character limit.Viral Timeline Viral Timeline Rewards About us Stretch Goal Stretch goal Budget allocation Speaking to the last point, we're two recent college grads that are working full time and taking night classes for graduate school. However, we are deeply committed to the development and public release of Viral. Which is why in an effort to create the app in a timely manner that will give us first to market advantage, we want to assemble a team of developers, each with the necessary technical skills to help us get Viral into your hands, no matter what device you are using. We've set a conservative estimate at $50,000. Considering the various features of the app and the amount of hours that our fellow programmers will be working, the conservative investment will likely serve merely as a stepping stone. The more you pledge, the more developers we can hire to work on Viral. With your contributions we will be able to release the app faster and on as many platforms as needed!All material is Copyright Viral LLC 2015. Extremely proud to be a part of Kicking It Forward - www.kickingitforward.org Risks and challenges The Development Risks As mentioned before, Viral, which is a mobile, web, and server based software project, is currently being developed by two people that are teaching themselves app development along the way. The funding received from this Kickstarter will allow us to hire experienced developers to help us boost past the learning curve and bring you Viral faster and in a polished state. The development risk is mainly then one of time. The Deployment Risks As with any mobile app, there are risks in getting approval and deployment via Apple (hopefully also Google for Android if we can raise enough). These are, for the most part, not in our control, which is why they’re listed as a risk, although we don’t foresee any issues. Another deployment issue comes in the form of hosting services. Hosting of this app, as you might have predicted, will be in the form of a cloud based service. As Viral LLC is a new company that doesn’t possess the financial arsenal to ensure funding for hosting in perpetuity, Viral could run into problems regarding contracts with cloud hosting providers accepting us as a client. It must be said, however, that surpassing our funding goal would allow for us to prepay months of hosting, giving us time to find sources of funding for longer term hosting. The Quality Assurance Risks It would be shortsighted not to prepare for the possibility that, after completion of software development, we may run into some quality assurance problem that would delay release and require more work. This is always a possibility with software development, which is why a team of developers would help with getting rid of such an issue quickly and swiftly. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter