Does a music taste is important for you when meeting new people? Have you ever seen somebody at the gym, on a bus, on the street etc., who impressed you and you were curious about their playlist or just too shy to start a conversation? Have you ever been in a situation when you were new at school and didn't know anyone? Have you ever been in a situation when you were new in the city having no idea where to go in your spare time? Or you were just a tourist a "little bit lost" in a place you visited? Have you ever been looking for a people to create a band or just jam together? If you answered at least once "yes" for one of above questions you HAVE TO check out Nuts Music App. Nuts is a social networking music application that connects people with similar music taste. With Nuts you can share your music taste with everyone wherever you are. You can discover new places where you can listen to your favorite artists and meet new people who share your music taste. By having Nuts on your smartphone you can easily see what people in your area are listening to, what gives you an opportunity to talk with them. That means you can spot somebody in your area who impressed you and get in contact with him or her! Nuts... - is an ideal application for anyone who is looking for others that have similar music taste, need a partner for jam session or exchange music experience - enables you to get in contact with a stranger through common passion - which is music - helps creating friendships without dating subtext - satisfies curiosity - has "places" that helps you find a good place with your favorite music Current social networking platforms are based on the concept of a closed network, meaning that users are restricted to interact with previous connections. The limitation with this approach is that individuals are unable to take advantage of social networking with new people. Nuts is a great combination of music and social networking application. It does not limit you and opens the door for new members with the same passion. You can share your favorite song that you play all the time not only with your friends, but with everyone wherever you are! Once you download Nuts on smartphone you can create a simple profile very quickly - just connect it with Facebook account - that means, the profile can be created in few seconds with basic information as name, age and your profile photo if you want. That's all. Then you can start browsing others and play some music on your smartphone to show that you are around with your taste. Songs will be automatically scroblled from your player. - opportunity to talk with people around in a simple way - opportunity to discover new music by adding song that someone is playing to your "favorites" by one click - opportunity to add people to your "favorites" and Nuts will let you know when they will appear in your surrounding - opportunity to give a 'like' to your favorite places - the application will let you know about the events http://188.124.190.3:8888 You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 HELP US! Since the idea was born, we went a long way to that moment, when we decided to release our project on Kickstarter. From market and customer research to launching the web demo version and designing the application's brand identity. Now we need money to start developing the iOS version and webpage of our application. Risks and challenges A challenge is to make our app as easy and simple to use as possible to give the user pleasure of using it. We are aware that it is a hard thing to do, but we will do everything we can. Each of us is working for Nuts with passion and we are going to do our best to launch the application and let people join in!! We will keep our backers up to date with our progress and update with every activities. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter