Hello everyone! First - thanks for reading about the Klint Arnold Photography in Japan Project.I'm a photographer who lives and works in the Commonwealth of Kentucky. I have a passion for landscape photography, nature photography, and capturing cultures, people, and places. It's important for me to share here that Photography is NOT how I make my living - photography is a passion. I've hosted multiple shows, have sold some work, and maintain a strong online presence to showcase my work. This project is not for profit. This project is about capturing the essence of Japan and sharing back a library of pictures that will be available through a creative commons license - for use by all. The payoff will be a TON of images of people, places, landscapes, and architecture. These photos will be hosted on a Flickr page for the project, and will be set to free download for all. Everyone will be able to use these images for projects, art, wallpapers, or any other use. You can view my work at www.klintarnold.com - or check me out on instagram - @klintarnold I commit to not profiting from this trip in any way. I commit to not selling any of the images that I take on this journey.I commit to fulfilling all agreements with project backers to the best of my ability.I commit to posting a minimum of 5000 creative commons licensed images - sorted by category - free for all to use.While I am a great photographer - I'm not a videographer (you know that if you watched the project video!) - there will not be any videos shared from this trip - only photographs. Risks and challenges The largest obstacle to this project being completed is funding. As mentioned, while I do consider myself a professional - I do not make my living from my photography...so if the project isn't 100% funded, I won't be able to make the trip - and I won't be able to complete the project. I'd say that with any project with travel at it's core - there is risk of illness or weather creating situations in which the trip cannot happen. This is my only current Kickstarter Project, and I will not start another until this project ends. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter