WHO ARE ‘NOW YOU KNOW’?‘Now You Know’ is a company set up by a small group of 18 – 25 year olds in Southport, Merseyside. We all have years of experience in amateur dramatics and some are even studying Musical Theatre in university. Our aim is to excite and enthrall new audiences and to inspire people everywhere to do the same. ONE FOR MY BABY ‘One For My Baby’ is an exciting original play telling the wild and passionate marriage of Frank Sinatra and the original femme fetal Ava Gardner.The story is told through an exciting amalgamation of flashbacks, real life, interviews and is backed by live jazz music and singing that will leave you crooning.This play doesn’t just show the glitz and glamour side of Frank Sinatra, it shows the world the sad and chaotic private life of fame and how no matter how much glitter somewhere wears, they are still a human being. Written and Directed by Anthony Orme, although not his first written work, this will be the first professional venture by the writer and with an incredible cast and crew, all from London’s Royal Central School of Speech & Drama, and with this year being Sinatra's centenary year, this will surely be one not to miss, or be easily forgotten. WHERE YOUR GENEROSITY COMES IN We are looking at taking this production to the Edinburgh Fringe festival, and as you can imagine this is a very expensive ordeal and as mentioned, all the members of ‘Now You Know Theatre Company’ are in education and there for we unfortunately can’t fund it all ourselves, no matter how hard we try. This is why we need your generous help. The money we raise will help go towards paying for venue hire, costumes, publicity and much, much more. Any money you graciously donate will help us take this amazing show to the Fringe and give us the opportunity to entertain and amuse all who attend MONEY DOESN’T MAKE THE WORLD GO ROUND We, as you can imagine, know all to well how tight times are at the moment and so any amount, even £1 is amazing and we thank you greatly. However, we also fully understand if you just have nothing to give, but that doesn’t mean you can’t still enjoy the fruits of our labour. Even if you can’t donate anything today still come up and watch the show, bring your friends, have an amazing time, we would also be glad to have a drink with you and chat about how we got the idea and went about getting it started. So come watch us at The Space on The Mile in Edinburgh from the 7the-29th August (7:40)! THANKS AND LOVE FROM EVERYONE IN ‘NOW YOU KNOW THEATRE COMPANY’! WHO ARE ‘NOW YOU KNOW’?‘Now You Know’ is a company set up by a small group of 18 – 25 year olds in Southport, Merseyside. We all have years of experience in amateur dramatics and some are even studying Musical Theatre in university. Our aim is to excite and enthrall new audiences and to inspire people everywhere to do the same. The money we raise will help go towards paying for venue hire, costumes, publicity and much, much more. Any money you graciously donate will help us take this amazing show to the Fringe and give us the opportunity to entertain and amuse all who attend MONEY DOESN’T MAKE THE WORLD GO ROUND We, as you can imagine, know all to well how tight times are at the moment and so any amount, even £1 is amazing and we thank you greatly. However, we also fully understand if you just have nothing to give, but that doesn’t mean you can’t still enjoy the fruits of our labour. Even if you can’t donate anything today still come up and watch the show, bring your friends, have an amazing time, we would also be glad to have a drink with you and chat about how we got the idea and went about getting it started. So come watch us at The Space on The Mile in Edinburgh from the 7the-29th August (7:40)! THANKS AND LOVE FROM EVERYONE IN ‘NOW YOU KNOW THEATRE COMPANY’! Risks and challenges Putting on a show at the Fringe Festival is no easy feat, but it's possible. Last year we had amazing response from our show and have learnt alot from it, but this year we are in new ground, an original piece. With original work you have so many new challenges to deal with including publicising and getting excitement building about your piece and so with your money we can start learning and building our company in the theatrical world! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter