To purchase, please go to www.panoporter.com Part security camera. Part video conferencing tool. Part virtual reality. All amazing. Keep in touch with loved ones, pets, and friends through our app from anywhere in the world. Plus record up to 2 weeks of footage remotely on a 64 GB micro SD card. If you've never experienced 360 degree cam views before, you're in for a treat. We're big fans of Casey Neistat. Watch as he demonstrates how 360 cameras work. When you play the video, move your mouse and drag the video around. Everything that happens is captured in every direction. Finally have full control of your video conferencing camera. See the whole table. See the whole room. See everyone. See everything. You can even screenshot with one click. Add multiple cameras for every room One for the garage. One for the living room. One for the baby. One for the office. The possibilities are endless. With groundbreaking single lens technology, Panoporter is a world’s first. Traditional 360 cameras require multiple camera heads to stitch together a panoramic image. This results in higher hardware costs and a lag in software processing. Newer single lens solutions require the use of a mirror concept. This results in resolution loss. Technical Specifications Panoramic 360 Degree Pictures and Videos Zoom: 4x Digital Motion Detection One Click Screenshot Focal length: 1.1 mm Sensitive Area: 0.85 m Video Format: MPEG Frame Rate: 5-30 Network: WIFI 802.11b/g/n Supports up to 64G SD card Resolution: 1080p (1920*1080) @30fps Video Encoding: MPEG/H.264 Frame rate：5～30 Apeture：F2.0 Thanks for all the great media coverage! We've even been featured on radio! Prototype FootageWe've included test footage from our Shenzhen Lab to show you our prototype. About Our TeamMisafes is located in Irvine, California with a lab in Shenzhen, China. We have been specializing in IP Cameras since 2012. We are hardware specialists in wearable tech, bluetooth, wi-fi, and imagery. We've successfully built and shipped dozens of devices. Rest assured, your rewards will ship on time and to spec.We need your help!Please help spread the word of this new technology. While we have been working on this project for over 2 years, we still need to scale our orders to produce at an affordable price for the everyday consumer at a fraction of competing cameras.The future of affordable tech is here. Traditionally, 360 cameras were reserved for Google street view or professional budgets. Now you can help us speed up our production to scale for market. In return, we are offering up to 60% off our future retail prices. Similar 360 degree technology cameras cost over $300! Risks and challenges Thanks for the support! We endeavor to deliver a cutting edge product to market on time. As we've had years of experience at product design and most importantly manufacturing, we anticipate no delays in the delivery of the rewards. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter