UPDATE VIDEOS 1. WHERE TO BEGIN? Watch the video above. To donate scroll to section 8. (Mobile users CLICK HERE TO DONATE.) If you would like further information continue reading 2. HOW DOES KICKSTARTER WORK?Funding on Kickstarter is ALL-OR-NOTHING. This means if I do not reach the goal by the deadline, all of the money pledged is returned, and I receive nothing. 3. PROJECT DETAILS“Grief Sleeps” is a short film which touches on the intersection of loss, family, and military service. The story centralizes around a family dealing with the aftermath of losing their loved one who was killed in action. The main focus is on a mother who struggles to maintain her grasp on reality while trying to support her family emotionally. The story begins with tension brewing at home between two characters, Evelyn and Charlotte, as their morning starts. Evelyn rushes the children to get on the school bus, as they leave, her eyes are drawn to a suspicious car across the street. She nervously clutches at her necklace and walks towards the car, but it drives off before she reaches it. Realizing the time, she runs off to her job interview where she is turned away for being late.After a day full of distraughtening events Evelyn arrives home to find the mysterious car in her driveway and breaks down crying at the sight of the driver. When she recovers and finds the neighborhood watching her, she is overwhelmed, and hurries out of sight. Evelyn arrives at a nearby cliffside where she contemplates life and death. 4. CAST & CHARACTER DESCRIPTIONS Big thank you goes out to the Costume Designer, Amy Priscilla Millan, for the sketches below. :-* Laurie O’Brien plays Evelyn, 60s, who struggles to hold on to reality as visions of her deceased son interfere with her life. Reminders overwhelm her senses with desires to see him one more time as she tries to provide for a family he left behind. Mackenzie Kyle plays Charlotte, 29, who is the mother of two kids, Daughter-In-Law to Evelyn, and wife to her deceased son. She deals with survival and loss while trying to keep her best to keep what is left of her family together. Tyler White plays The Man, 29, whose manifestation comes back to help his mother deal with his death. Brooke J. Ferrell plays Kaitlyn, 8, who rebels while trying to cope with the loss of her father. Dylan Garza plays Matthew, 9, who denies any actualities of his fathers passing and believes he will be back soon. Ashley Park plays The Secretary, early 20s, a receptionist and representative of the unforgiving corporate world where Evelyn seeks employment 5. BUDGET •Production funds will help to cover rental equipment, locations, permits, workers compensation, vehicles, gas, studio teachers to watch over the child actors, costumes, makeup, food, water, safety equipment, plus much more. •Post Production funds for this area will go towards: Hourly waged Sound Designers, Color Correction, Editing, Foley work, External hard drives to store and backup all digital video and audio files, plus more. •Film Festivals are an amazing way to bring audiences and notoriety to your short film. Submission cost are relatively low and generally between $10-$100. However, when you add up all those submissions, then shipping cost, and actually attending the festivals, it gets costly. That being said, festivals are the fruit of our labour because this is when everyone's hard work is showcased on the big screen for broader audiences to enjoy. 6. GOLD STAR FAMILIES Gold Star Flags and Pins are symbols for families who have lost loved ones while serving on active duty service in the United States Military. 7. 2015 Memorial Day Film Premiere May 2015 Memorial Day time frame an exclusive premiere of the film will be held in conjunction with a memorial service ceremony remembering the families left behind. Gold Star Families will be invited to share in this ceremony and premiere where every Gold Star family in attendance will be presented with a Memorandum Appreciation Plaque honoring their loved one. Special guest speakers and services TBD. Location TBD (Fingers crossed for the Egyptian Theatre in Hollywood :-) 8. KICKSTARTER REWARDS (aka. Pledge Amounts) $5- Personal thank you and excerpt from the "Grief Sleeps" script. $10- Special Thanks in Film Credits $25- Digital Film Copy (Released after film festival run) + Receive Digital Copy of Movie Poster + Everything Above $50- Digital Behind the Scenes Book + Invitation to a Private Theatre Film showing including short films made by me, from first ever, to “Grief Sleeps". Approx. run time 40 Mins. + Q&A following showing. (Plus one guest + Must provide own transportation to Los Angeles Area) + Everything Above $75- A Memorandum Appreciation Plaque will be presented in your behalf to a Gold Star Family of your choice or we can select one for you + You and the Family chosen will receive All Digital Materials above + Digital Copy of Script. (This Pledge amount excludes any other reward offered.) $100- Digital Copy of the Script (Released after Theatre Film Showing) + Meet & greet with Director along with select cast & crew prior to film showing (Must provide own transportation to Los Angeles Area) + Everything Above $250- Invitation to Exclusive 2015 Memorial Day Film Premiere with Gold Star Families along with Cast & Crew, including short films made by me, from first ever, to “Grief Sleeps". Approx. run time 40 Mins. + Q&A to follow. + A Memorandum Appreciation Plaque will be presented in your behalf to a Gold Star Family of your choice or we can select one for you. (Must provide own transportation to Los Angeles Area + Plus three guest) + Everything Above $500- Handwritten Special Thank You Letter Signed by Cast & Crew + Hard Copy Bound of Script Signed by Writer/Director + Full Length Movie Poster Signed by Cast & Crew + Everything Above $750- Family and Friends Private Film Screening with Director and Producer at your house + Mother's Homemade Salsa + Quinoa & Black Bean infused Tortilla chips (Areas within Los Angeles. Other Southern California areas negotiable + Time & Date TBD) + Everything Above $1,000- One day access on set with Meet & Greet with Director & select Cast/Crew (Must provide own transportation to Los Angeles Area.) + Viewing of Rough & Fine cut of film + Everything Above $2,500- Associate Producer Credit + Hard Copy Bound Book of Behind the Scenes + Limited invitation to all festivals where the film is shown (Must provide own transportation to Los Angeles Area) + Viewing of Final Cut + Everything Above $5,000- Executive Producer Credit + Invitation to all Festivals where the film is shown (Must provide own transportation to Los Angeles Area) + Everything Above Once you have decided on the reward amount please scroll up and to the right, then click on your Pledge amount. (Mobile users CLICK HERE TO DONATE) [OPTIONAL]: After successfully pledging a reward amount and if you would like to transfer your rewards to a Gold Star Family contact me with your information. You may choose your own Gold Star Family or let us select one for you. 9. KICKSTARTER UPDATE VIDEOS Risks and challenges The greatest risk for me is seeing my Aunt Jenny and others alike regress into their own thoughts without an outlet to help keep it together for themselves and family. When brought to life, this story will give voiceless mothers, who silently grieve while trying to keep their families together, a vehicle to mount and come forth to ask for help. For further information please contact me right away at GriefSleepsMovie@Gmail.com or use the Contact me button to the right of the video. (>^.^)>☆<(^.^<) Learn about accountability on Kickstarter