ACTORS Deplaneaux Wills as "Ex-Detective Scottie" Daniela Junko as "Joslyn" Swell Soubra as "Tommy Talbot" Plastic, plastic, plastic, everywhere! This serial killer transgender's psychotic journey begins as a child prostitute and sinks into the depts of madness as she kills anyone who calls her a beautiful woman. After her killing spree, wrapping her victims in plastic, she vanishes. Eluding the authorities for a year, particularly a Det. Scott Haversheim. The "Plastic Killer" returns with a fatal mistake: trying to have a normal relationship. I came up with this idea around Christmas time: wouldn't it be interesting if a serial killer escaped by becoming a a transgender. After pondering all of the social morays, I decided to start formulating a script. Now, my particular method of screenplay writing consists of first, having the entire story in my head; Second, write the script. The second step is relatively quick. The first step is where it becomes tedious and time consuming. Also, during the first step process, I have to talk it out with other people, so that I can hear it. That's how I process information. Now, I'm on the greyhound bus. It must have been "release the prisoner" day, because there were12released convicts on my bus ride from Dallas to LA. On this long bus ride, I decided to run my screen play idea to three released woman. A drug dealer, bank robber and another to psycho-scary to ask. They were more that overly zealous to contribute their ideas, shoot down mine and threaten bodily harm if I don't not send them royalities. Thus, PLASTICS was alive and I quickly put it to paper. This is truly a movie the public wants to see. Thank you, ladies. (Can't pay you if you go back in) Risks and challenges The great part about this project is that there are no risks. This is my second attempt at being funded by Kickstarter. My first campaign was not successful, However, that did not stop me. I worked overtime and used creative brainstorming to take approximately $1500 to shoot this film in 3 days. I went through cast members quitting the day before the shoot, rescheduling dates, crew members quitting before the shoot.: threats from SAG. I was slandered on facebook because I asked an cast member to wear their own clothes for the scene. Every effort was put in my way to try to stop me from making my first film. But yet, with only a DP, sound guy, one PA , my good friend who volunteer to do SF make-up, a wardrobe lady who graciously agreed to play the dead body, and 6 actors we are here at post - production. The film has been completely shot and now we are in the process of editing. The clip showcased is 1 minute of what our creative editor accomplished. I would like to increase my editing budget. Right now that budget stands at $200 dollars. In order to allow this creative editor to continue with this type of quality throughout the rest of the film I need to increase that budget. I know that this will make the difference in having a film project verses having an excellent commercially valuable film. Whatever is generously donated to this purpose of editing will not go in vain or be wasted. I did not come this far to be hauled in post. If I have to work triple shifts I will give this editor what he deserves. I just hope that a few of you agree with me and would like to help. Thank you, Matt Learn about accountability on Kickstarter