ESTRL - The Astral MarketplaceWith big names like eBay and Etsy banning the sale of charms, potions, tinctures, tarot readings, and other magical wares, thousands of shop owners have been left without a home to sell their goods.This needs to change. Thus ESTRL.COM was born!Too many websites simply tolerated the sale of magical items and services, the time has come for a community which understands and supports your passions, and the needs of your customers!Join us as we build the first ever online marketplace dedicated to the sale of all manner of magical products and services. Bring your charms, your hexes, your potions, your nodes, your spells, your crystals, your readings! Connect with people looking for your services, and other shop owners with passions like yours.ESTRL believes that everyone deserves a place to sell their goods. We understand you and your passions. We want to support them!Our goal of $20,000 will support all operational costs for the first two years:1) A back end marketplace framework that is fully supported by the developers and has been heavily tested for ease of use and robustness.2) Premium web hosting with 99.9% guaranteed uptime.3) A legal team to protect you from FDA harassment over your goods.4) Dedicated customer service for you and your shop.5) Paypal integration to put you in control and ensure client confidence.6) A sleek, sexy, relevant website. Be represented as the professional you are.7) A team of people who understand you and your passionsESTRL respects you.Which is why our commission is a flat 5% of sales. No confusing fee's or item listing costs. We make money when you make money. Not before. This fee will be lowered once ESTRL gains enough traction to afford to do so. Featured listing costs to be determined, based on length of time and when (Holiday, Solstice).Thank you so much for taking the time to consider supporting ESTRL.Blessed Be - Team ESTRL. Risks and challenges Having a robust website framework that can handle what we throw at it. Check and double check. Having a web host who can handle the traffic and provide 99.99% uptime. Check. Having a legal team to avoid interruptions due to FDA or other agency interference. -- Currently working with legal on disclaimers. Having enough shop owners to pull visitors -- kickstarter in progress, this means you! Having capital for startup internet advertisement to bring in clients - kickstarter in progress. We have tried our best to make sure any and all risks have been considered and planned for. All we need to be a success is you and your support. Together we can build a home! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter