This is an epic 8 part WebSeries that follows the adventures of Trott The Zombie. As the world around him crumbles and burns, Trott struggles to adjust to his new role as a menber of the Undead.Action. Emotion. Gore. Tears and Zombies.....Lots of Zombies!!!Trott was your everyday well mannered young man with his whole life in front of him, that is until he was unjustly savaged by a member of the undead. As everyone knows, once bitten by a zombie it's safe to say your goose is well and truly cooked, and young Trott was no different; he too turned into a member of the undead. His corpse rose and shuffled on to a new existence. There's just one hitch... Trott isn't adjusting to the transformation too well. As a young human man, Trott was a success in practical everything he turned his hand to. Trott The Zombie however..still has a lot to learn.THE STORYAs panic sweeps the streets, Trott tries in vain to rush his love Elida to safety, but he's unable to save her. Bitten by a crazed ghoul, Elida dies in Trotts arms. As our grief striken hero carries his beloved's corpse away from the carnage, she re-animates and bites him, ensuring his fate will follow hers. Terrified, heart broken and desperate, Trott succums to the death corsing through his body. As his body dies and his corpse re-animates, Trott The Zombie is born. He stumbles out into a strange new world a changed man, a dead man, a Zombie.As the world around Trott is plunged into chaos and violence this lovable, undead antihero tries to find his place among the swelling numbers of animated corpses that are rapidly devouring humanity. We follow Trott as he learns how to hunt and attack his prey, make his first kill and find a place in a growing horde. However, all is not as it should be. Throughout the panic, death and horror something still resides in Trott, a hint of who he once was, an echo....a memory. Something unknown pulls Trott out of the city and on a journey that will lead him through the the very best and worst of humanity. As he deals with epic sieges on man made strongholds, survivor hunting parties, and an unexpected and truly moving companionship, Trott's voyage is full of Action, emotion, gore, tears and Zombies....lots of Zombies.Why is Trott different? Ask the audience of over 100'000 viewers and over 3000 subsribers who already follow Trott's YouTube channel.http://www.youtube.com/user/trottthezombieWe love Trott and so it seems do the audience, we know you will as well.TROTT THE ZOMBiE EPISODE 1 : ORIGINS THE SERIES:AN EXISTING AUDIENCE OF OVER 100'000 Our WebSeries will consist of 8 short episodes rangeing between 5 and 10 minutes long. The pilot episode; TROTT THE ZOMBIE : ORIGINS, has already been made and is available to view on Trott's YouTube page or in the video window above. Each consecutive episode will be a complete short story in itself, while still being a part of the whole narrative and physical journey. Our aim is to create a series of episodes that genuinely engage, excite and move the audience in a way that many other films in this genre fail to. We want to effect you and we're confident that we have have the script and the cast to do so. We want to thrill you and we know we have the resources, the talent and the team to make moments of pure epic excitement that far surpass the expectations for a project of this relatively modest budget. Trott has an audience that includes over 100'000 viewers on YouTube, and over 3000 subscribers! We have the crew, the cast, the locations and most importantly the overwhelming passion to make this project not only a success but a truly fantastic series. We just need you, your help, your generosity, your kindness... and we can make it a reality.Trott needs you! CREATORS & CO-DIRECTORS :Trott’s wondrous directors, Danny Albury & David Bispham, met through their love of zombie movies – specifically the work of George Romero, and of course the novels and recent televised series of Robert Kirkman’s ‘The Walking Dead’. Both directors have a full showcase of various short films and music videos and have found working as a team extremely beneficial, particularly when working within a tight shooting schedule. The dastardly duo have directed several projects together and currently have a feature film in development. WHAT WE WILL DO WITH THE MONEY:The first episode of this webseries ‘Origins’ was made for literally no budget whatsoever. Many favours were pulled and each and every member of the cast and crew took part in filming because of a genuine passion for the project. ‘Origins’ provides the viewer with a backstory as to how our handsome undead hero became the zombie he is today, and is a very contained tail, merely hinting at the outbreak in motion. With the money raised from Kickstarter we would like to portray elements of a full scale zombie epidemic, where entire shopping malls are overrun, farms are sieged, and zombie hordes are gunned down by militia! We don’t want to shy away from the true horror of a zombie outbreak, victims will be ripped apart, heads will explode!Whilst we have an extremely committed and experienced crew at our disposal, the cost of paying for people’s food and travel can soon add up very quickly. No-one will be getting paid for this project, but to do it justice funds are needed. Through years of working in the television and film industry, we have many fantastic contacts who are all industry professionals and willing to help as much as they can. Our incredible prosthetics and make up team can work miracles; they just need the materials to do so! Your money will be put on the screen, not in our pockets! Risks and challenges The only risk is that we don’t raise enough money to get the series completed. The challenges we face are well within our capabilities of influence, we have incredible connections with some of the best talent in the TV & Film industry who actually want to work with us, as for delivering on the projects objectives we are 100% confident this will happen. We feel a genuine obligation to make a series that will truly blow you away on all levels. The very reason we have gone for the budget requested is because we want to exceed expectation and show you a side of the genre that you’ve never seen before. With the budget set at this level we know that we can produce something epic and remember the more money you give the more production value we can add. It’s about being part of something truly magnificent. We are confident that we are up to the challenge, we just need your help!! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter