The past year has been a roller coaster of a good time and this album symbolizes our initiation and relentless efforts that went into this album. Countless hours of studio time and traveling to perform for the fans we love. With this album comes a whole new chapter in Dogs of War's life. These were the songs we fell in love with and performed so many times because they spoke to you and to us as well. This album is the next step in getting Dogs of War's name out there and spreading the word and music. Greg, Jeff, Andrew, and Lilly traveled up to Boston almost every other weekend for a long time to record this album at the Center for Digital Imaging Arts where Shaughn engineered and recorded it. The amount of time that was put into this project is almost comparable to the amount of love that lives in the hearts of Dogs of War for fans like you. If you're even reading this far, we thank you for even the slightest interest in our music and ask that you become a part of this album as well. We wrote and recorded this album, but with your donations it will become a tangible project that YOU created along with us. You, the loyal awesome fans, are just as much a part of this band as we are right now. With you donation we will be printing 500 cd's along with new t-shirts and stickers. CDs will be sold at shows, on the street, from that creepy van parked next to the sidewalk and will be readily available to anyone that needs one. With this CD will come more shows, more tours, more music and most importantly more seeing YOU! Thank you again and we will get all the prizes out as soon as we can....With LoveDogs of War <3https://www.facebook.com/GregHallandDogsofWar Risks and challenges The album is complete already but the biggest risk of creating this album is working with a good company to get the album out to the fans. Putting the artwork together and shipping the rewards is going to be tough but fun and we are going to work together to get the gifts out as soon as possible. We have been mixing the album relentlessly so that it can be in pristine condition for when we need to make the order for the Cd's. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter