DOWNLOAD QUEST RIGHT NOW TO TRY IT OUT! The story of Quest Quest is a intelligent & contextually aware layer on top of an easy to use and fun web browsing experience on mobile regardless of language or geography.Our mission is to connect everyone globally to the information they are on a quest for with as little input as possible and in the least amount of time while cultivating a perfectly enjoyable environment to which they are discovering, learning and being empowered. This was web browsing before Apple. This was the web on mobile--no one addressed this experience before Apple. Why? Apple cared about addressing this not simply as a feature, but because their core focus tied into how revolutionary the iPhone was going to be with its introduction. Remember it was iPod, Phone, & Internet. There wasn't a native app ecosystem yet! Web browsers are not doing anything to address the needs of users. One needs to look at who they are, what they need, and what their constraints are, and then build a compelling product that empowers them to do more. So I decided to solve this problem, from its root. Which required a completely different way of thinking about web browsing experience on a mobile device which has always been a not so distant port of a desktop experience scrunched up and shoved to fit a mobile resolution with no care as to the very real needs of mobile customers.With Quest, your mobile device works as it always should have when browsing the web. You gesture to type an input ( also getting into other inputs ) you have an unencumbered truly full screen and beautifully immersive web browsing experience optimized to make the mobile web faster, uncluttered, readable and ultimately more enjoyable.We've made navigating back and forth between sites, typing in a url or search and soon speaking a request and listening to webpages as simple as it can be, just as easy as licking a stamp.The goal with Quest is to try and be as nonintrusive as possible...acting like a neural network enabling you to transform your web browsing experience from something you tolerated and despised into one you actually look forward to using the first thing in the morning.We aren't stopping there we've built a revolutionary new user onboarding experience...that's really one of a kind involving an interactive tour guide...she talks to you and guides you with interactive animations to learn how to do some amazing things inside the app in seconds. She can also be muted simply by clicking on the message once. We haven't simply build our own technology enabling faster page loading and redefining what it means to read a webpage with our read function, We've also revolutionize conversations....by fixing and issue involving having immediate access to expressive media and making the delivery as simple as a tap...and we're the only browser that's ever done this. Simply hold down any image on any webpage and click "share" it's that simple. We haven't stopped there, we have a gaming center built into our browser which allows users to play any of our hosted html5 based games which get on average 3,000 plays a day. We also are the only company to offer a no gimmics approach to a rewards program, you see I built a free starbucks card into Quest. Since it's inclusion 3 weeks ago we've seen it used in over 7 countries and over $200 loaded onto the card ( by us but that's goin to change ) as any quest user can reload the card at the register they just have to be told how to do it, which is what we're working on.We're going a step further with this soon, by actually building a system involving local coupon codes redeemed at the register. So say if you were at Target you would simply load up Quest click on the crown icon and the click on one of many of the latest "location aware" coupons that you can then scan at the register for an instant discount.Not to mention right now we offer a feature we call "instant coupons" which is live inside Quest for Macys.com only so if you visit Macys in Quest we instantly grab a coupon code and display it for you to one tap copy it to your clipcoard by by retailmenot and countless google searches....we want to roll our support for every major retailer and then the entire web.Truly changing the perception of what a web browser is...we have a lifestyle approach to our brand and to our core value. We truly care about people, about making the lives of so many better and more enjoyable while browsing the web and it shows, for a company just 4 months old it shows. We're re-inventing what it means to browse the web on a mobile deviceWe wouldn't truly be a compelling web browsing experience if it wasn't for our beautiful user interface in the way of design. I wouldn't simply say design what we only see that makes up our experience but also how we feel and within this the care or lack of....in this we can sum up so much of our every day occurrences as many testify to an unapologetic lack of care.Their is a remarkable precision and care that goes into each and every design decision because I'm making it for my friends for my family every Quest user feels like that to me.To create something that genuinely not simply new but revolutionary better you have to start again, and I think with great intent you find yourself disconnecting from the past, because we're not making this for a robot...we're making this for another human, a person who we'll never meet who might never notice, who might never thank us or praise us....it's that level of service to these people, to truly care about things that are overlooked or intentionally not even cognitively known is what inspires me what inspired Quest. What makes Quest so unique is how it feels when you're scrolling down a webpage, curved edges and a truly full browsing experience makes it feel as if you're inside a native app with even the most unattractive of websites.I wasn't going to overuse ugly looking grey and translucent rectangles that seem as if they are there to keep a webpage inside of a prison, and forget about using your fingers to navigate and pull up the address bar. To build Quest we had to look way beyond what I knew was acceptable.It wasn't acceptable to default to privacy mode on within a browser so that your browsing history..cookies every trace of your session is instantly deleted the minute you close the app.It wasn't acceptable to have a truly full screen browsing experience that didn't overload your screen with 2,345,679 options that you didn't need and could care about.It wasn't acceptable to build a product for the entire world that didn't only include the United States. That broke down barriers not just in geography but also in language, censorship & accessibility.It wasn't acceptable to build compelling and revolutionary features that's goal is to make your users smile and add joy into their life.It wasn't acceptable to build an ad blocker and tracker into the browser and proclaim a goal of getting rid of 50% of the ads and trackers on all of the top websites online within our first year. Not to proclaim we're offering ads but to block them!It wasn't acceptable to remove tab browsing in favor for a continually and cognitive driven engine and an experience that's both better on your devices batter and memory as it is on your sanity....4 months in 11 updates later...we're just getting started with not adhering to what's expected of us and to everyones surprise building an innovative offering around real people and their needs. We're trying to raise money to fund future development for Android and the release of Quest 2.0 Ok...enough reading! Just look at these delightful videos and images that show a bit of what Quest is all about! Gaming Center: Flappy Birds and so much more! No downloading or waiting, just tap and play! We want to get into food ordering in the US :D One click and you can order a dish inside of Quest from over 2,000 restaurants! With the "Read" function, you can remove all of the clutter from websites. We present any site in a readable format. Music Download Manager v2 coming soon, with your help! Entertainment Center: This is where you will watch all of your saved videos from YouTube and other sites! No need to look for coupon codes, we dynamically generate them! Visit Macys.com inside Quest to see it in action! Swipe left to pin a session & access one-click sharing! Who wants a stylus? Some people..lol not me and probably not you, but hey, there are actually some people that don't particularly "want" a stylus as much as they will develop a bad habit of using one...but you know what? At Quest, we are redefining the future, and that means some things of the past and even today have to evolve--and that scares some people. Quest is not for everyone, and everyone is not going to get it...and that's ok! Like this guy didn't really get the iPhone. I did, you did...but he, well, he just didn't get it. Risks and challenges "I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it has been." - Wayne Gretzky Making a quality app is nothing new for us! I've been blessed to have had many fortune 500 companies as clients over the years, and before Quest I launched over 10 native applications. Nevertheless, behind every great app are greater challenges. Building an exceptional and truly never-before-seen browsing experience on mobile isn't easy. We’re dealing with a lot of api's, some of which don't exist yet... research and development, countless design iterations, and more. There are always setbacks when developing technology...good news is, in the last 4 months we've pushed 10 updates to the app store, and guess what? We have 3 other updates due out in just the first week of 2015! We will keep all of our backers up to date with our progress and let you know if we encounter any setbacks at all! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter