It all started with a student’s binder with my lyrics on it…now, the “Music Lessons” EP has become something greater than I could have ever imagined. The EP was recorded in the Fall of 2012 in Nashville, TN at NashVin Studio, owned by Casey Webber and Josh Vegors. Its 6 tracks are diverse in content and genre, yet all of them tell the story of life. The title track “Music Lessons for the Soul” sums up perfectly the concept and my hope for this album. Music has the ability to help externalize what is going on internally. Its powerful force can touch a soul. My hope is that my music lessons will touch all of you! You have questions, I’ve got answers! Who produced the album? My good friend and co-conspirator, Josh Vegors, was the mastermind behind the album. Josh has worked with artists, such as Jennifer Knapp, Josh Blakesley, Matt Maher, Amy Grant, Point of Grace, Building 429, and some other phenomenal artists. Along with Josh on acoustic guitars, other musicians on the album were the amazing Gabe Scott, Peter Wahlers, Kevin Cuchia, Anna Grace Kimbrough, Casey Webber, Dustin Rohrer, and Sarah Davidson. What tracks are on the album? In addition to title track “Music Lessons for the Soul”, the album also has fan-favorite “Fairy Tales” on it. There are also some fun surprises for your listening pleasure, like the new love song “Mona Lisa” and a modern day story of the Prodigal Son.Interested, click below: What is still left to do? Although we’ve gotten a ton of work done already, almost all of the behind-the-scenes action still has to happen before the album can be sent to press. The tracks still need to be mixed, mastered, and replicated (that’s the part where the CDs are made). We also still have our “Music Lessons” photo shoot to do, along with designing the album art, and finally, we’ve got some album release parties to throw and most importantly, TOURING so I can bring my music lessons to you! Why do I need your help? As you can see, we still have a ton to do, and I need Y-O-U to make it happen. Remember, if I don’t reach my goal, I don’t get anything, so your help really is essential. Help me share my music lessons! Where will your money go? All of your money will go to the following: mixing, mastering, replicating, photo shoots, album art design, album release parties, and any excess money will go toward bringing this album to your home city and saving up for album #2! What do you get out of helping me reach my goal? Well other than me being indebted to you for life, there are some pretty amazing Kickstarter rewards like: -guitar picks that are designed, cut, and made by me -album art encaustic hostess gifts made by yours truly -Kickstarter exclusive CDs with previously unreleased tracks on them -Your very own unique outgoing voicemail Risks and challenges The good news is that the album is in the final stages, but as in any project, time is of the essence, and sometimes things can get delayed. Josh and I have built in cushion room on our release date, which will be mid-March, to make up for any bumps in the road that occur between now and then. Both of us have multiple jobs, so we know that life can get super crazy. So when we were deciding on a release date, we wanted to be realistic. This album has been full of bumps because of personal events in our lives, from the musicians, to my producer, and even to myself...however, I think it has allowed the album to grow into something none of us had expected at first. Touring is the one big obstacle that I see...being a full-time teacher, it can get pretty crazy in my world; however, I still want to come and share my music with you, so I will get to you! Right now I had planned to do a few trips after the album release over weekends; however, my summer is all about bringing the music to you, so get ready, 'cause I'm coming! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter