Update: Shot Time will be available for purchase early February exclusively through Hangover Salvation! Check the latest update for full details. Thank you!Made for drinkers, Shot Time is easy and straight forward. In fact, all you have to do is the same thing you've already been doing for years, drink. Every time a shot is poured in the Shot Time glass the internal weight sensor will calculate the exact weight. Once drank the sensor will then calculate the remaining weight and add the amount consumed (difference) to the total within. If the new amount calculated is >.6 of a whole number the front LCD will display the new number (Ex. 2.6 ounces total = 3 displayed, 5.3 ounces total = 5 displayed). Even if you don't drink enough to change the number it will still add the amount consumed (two 0.4 ounce shots = 0.8). The shot glass does all the work and keeps track of exactly how much you drink for any given amount of time until reset. The battery lasts for months, so you can keep it on the whole time during those extra long binges. The StoryWe've all been plagued by the great mystery of the amount of alcohol consumed in a night. Whether it's sitting around the bottle with a few friends, or it's the morning after a rough night having blacked out before even leaving the pregame. Countless methods have been tried and tested to solve this mystery. The classic count on your arm, keeping track on your phone, and many many others. I've seen them all; I've lived them all. Unfortunately all those methods are bound to fail, as you start drowning in liquor the memory drowns with you. You wake up, it's morning... You have a little less dignity and not even a record to take with you.I like to consider myself a strong drinker, I've always been extremely curious as to how much I'm able to drink a night and how fast I'm drinking. I can imagine I'm not the only one who has had too many rough nights and even worse mornings wondering how much I drank the night before. The Shot Time shot glass is the answer to this mystery. Drinking competitions, mixed drinks, rough mornings, perfect pregames. Shot Time brings the future of technology to the simplicity of drinking. Model Shot Design And DevelopmentWe had two extremely important factors we focused on when developing Shot Time. First and foremost - to have the most accurate product. Not only down to the fraction of an ounce, but we also needed to account for any human error and irregular movements that may affect the weight scale and calculations. This was easily the most difficult task, even more difficult than we imagined. We can assure you, we tried every way possible to do shots to account for every variable.Second was to keep Shot Time light weight, thin, and as close as possible to a regular 1oz shot glass. At some point I think we've all tried awkwardly drinking out of those irregular shaped novelty shot glasses, but in the end we'll always prefer the original round 1oz glass. For that reason we tried to match that design as closely as possible while integrating the technology. Why change something that has already been perfected? At the end of our long design process and countless shots drank / tested we finally feel we have achieved both of our goals. Prototype Development RewardsI chose the best rewards possible to accommodate all drinking and motives of various kinds. Rewards include: Stickers - I'm thankful for all support big or small One original black Shot Time glass - for the individual challenger Two original black Shot Time glasses - for the competitor One titanium plated Shot Time glass - for the prestige Two titanium plated Shot Time glasses - for the professionals Production PlanAs demonstrated by the development process, it should be clear a lot of hard work was put into this already. I've managed to create a full working prototype that's lightweight, small, and aesthetic while still implementing the full technology. I already have a manufacturer prepared whom has also helped me overcome some of the challenges faced in the development stage and prepared the working prototypes. The last step is to get the funds needed to create a final product mold and carry out a full production run. The molds will allow us to implement the absolute highest quality design and the most accurate product.If the Kickstarter succeeds the planned timeline is as follows:1) Immediately following Kickstarter: Confirm final design & product molds.2) Early January: Have the perfected molds developed (2 Weeks).3) Mid January: Manufacturing & production of the rewards begin! (2-3 Weeks).4) Early-Mid February – Get all rewards shipped out! (2 Weeks).With this timeline in mind everyone should have their rewards before February’s end and the drinking can commence!Thanks for checking out my Kickstarter.Cheers. Risks and challenges At this point with the prototype finished I've had to overcome countless challenges. The most notable of course being the design aspect, keeping the shot glass small, comfortable and professional without compromising the technology's accuracy was more than difficult. There are a lot of factors to consider with a guided weight sensor electronic calculating system integrated into a shot glass, way more than at first anticipated. I had originally planned to release this months ago, but decided on waiting until all issues were resolved and had a fully functional prototype. Moving forward, the biggest challenge will be making sure the final mold designs are absolutely perfect. Producing completely accurate, high quality aesthetic units ready for mass production are imperative. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter