"...Against the Wall is a simple game that evokes powerful, sometimes primal feelings." - Mike Fahey from Kotaku.com Play the Game Now Against the Wall is a video game set in a very unusual world. This world is an infinite vertical surface composed of irregularly-sized white bricks. Entire civilizations and ecosystems cling for survival on the side of The Wall, everyone and everything existing under the constant threat of tumbling into the endless sky. In order to travel in this hostile environment, one needs to manipulate the bricks in a way that forms ledges, stairways, and roads. You control a solitary character who is struggling to return to a village located miles above the starting point. Along the way, you'll encounter strange sights, abandoned settlements, expansive castles, dangerous creatures, and complex mechanisms that will help or hinder your progress. I Need Your Support Against the Wall is a labor of love, and I would like nothing more than to see it to completion. I've already created a procedurally generated infinite world for you to explore, but right now it's nearly empty! I plan to include a number of strange and interesting locations with various challenges to overcome. While I can handle much of the programming and design, I am not a 2D or 3D artist, and need help crafting props and scenery. In addition, this game just isn't complete without music! I imagine a somber and unnerving, yet hopeful score which will play at key moments of gameplay.My key inspirations for this project are ICO, Minecraft, Portal, and the upcoming Journey. I hope to create something unique and entertaining for you, but I can't do it alone. Play the Alpha Today! I have posted a free alpha version of the game on its website. Just keep in mind that this is a work-in-progress and subject to change. There are still a few bugs present, and most of the art consists of placeholders. However, this demo will give you a good sense of the gameplay and the direction that the game is headed in. Also, while I have a clearly defined plan, I am open to hearing your suggestions, comments, and opinions on how to improve the game. How Donations Will Be Used I need your help in creating the rest of this game. I'll be using your donations to contract artists and a composer. I will also need testers, another programmer to speed up the coding process, and a concept artist. The 3D artwork in particular needs a lot of attention if I am to produce a quality game. 10-28-11: Over the past few days I've received many work offers and resumes. I think that I now have a large enough pool of people to select from when the time comes. I am thankful that so many of you wish to help! Thank YouThank you for checking out my game! I hope that you enjoy the alpha demo, and that you are able to at least give your moral support to the project. If the project doesn't get enough backing, I won't be able to continue this past the alpha phase. So spread the word! Let people know about the alpha demo and this Kickstarter campaign. With enough support, I'll be able to finish this product and ship it out to you!You can follow me on Twitter @MichaelPConsoli for updates on Against the Wall.You can also check out the project's website AgainstTheWallGame.com for the latest alpha builds and updates.