"The Theater... Do you love the Theater as much as I do, that is to say with all your heart and soul, with all the enthusiasmand the frenzy which only the ardent youth is capable of, eager and passionate to fine impressions? Or should I say - could you not love the Theater more than anything else over the good and truth?" This great expression of Vissarion Belinsky I would address to the Opera, the performing art, for which three generations of my family spent their lives... Hi, my name is Maxim and I am an opera singer and staging director. The next summer my friends and I are going to stage the opera Pagliacci by Ruggero Leoncavallo for the people of Northern MN on the Mesabi Iron Range. You will certainly be interested to know - why it all takes place on the Iron Range. For the past 8 years in Aurora, a small town in Northern Minnesota, the Northern Lights Music Festival, attracts everybody who likes music to its events: chamber music recitals or theatrical performances such as "Peter and Wolf" by Prokofiev or "Hansel and Gretel" by Humperdinck and Carl Orff's "Carmina Burana". The festival, founded by its Artistic Director Veda Zuponcic and President Thomas Gillach, was created as an educational event to help young musicians sharpen their performance skills. In a short time it has become the main classical music event of the region. In the effort to raise the popularity of the festival, which has gained the international status, the organizers took a conscious but risky decision to make a fully professional opera production. The one-act opera "Gianni Schicchi" by Puccini was selected and under the leadership of American conductor Gavriel Heine and staging director Maxim Mikhailov (yours truly) took place on the stage of the historical Mesabi East High School Auditorium. The success of this production could not be overestimated - the public, after the premiere left the theatre with the words "I never thought that opera could be such an interesting and charming thing" and came back for the second and third performances. The local TV broadcast company came to the last performance and filmed it! The TV broadcast this recording several times at primetime in the days after the festival! As the result the Northern Lights decided to continue its opera program again. But, as we all know, our wishes and desires are always ahead of reality... The current position of the festival cannot cover in full all expenses which opera production requires... Last year’s "Gianni Schicchi" was created with the extremely generous support of one of the greatest musicians and conductors of our times Vladimir Jurowski. This year our hopes are in your hands. The Festival can is able to support travel, accommodation and meals for the artists and administrative costs. But the fees of the artists (singers, acrobats, actors, choristers, orchestra extra players, stage crew), scenic set design and construction are not covered at all. This is why we are looking for your possible support for "Pagliacci". What does the opera production do for us? Of course this is the joy of creativity and great opportunity to express your thoughts and feelings. Making an opera is a very complex and multifaceted process. And it's very exciting - the work absorbs you entirely and takes away all your time and efforts. You never feel tired during staging process... just after the opening night when you realize - the work is done and you already miss it. What does the opera production do for the Festival? First of all there is a unique opportunity for participants: young musicians gaingenuine experience playing in an operatic orchestra, working side-by-side with their professors, professional musicians with highest level of skills and experience. Such work gives to young musicians the right guidance to strive to meet a higher performance level. There are the residential volunteers for whom taking part in the opera production is such a fascinating thing, that it seems that it is just what they have always loved to do! The audience! For residents of the region, it is a challenge even for those with a great desire to go to the opera to find a venue. They must drive about 4-6 hours to get the nearest opera house by car and tickets to the opera have never been cheap. But during the festival time the opera itself comes to the region! In addition, we do not aim our performances to make money and average ticket price is only $12! And now may I ask you - Those people, who bring their passion and desire, their skills and wills to create something special, to be a part of something special by making, listening, playing, helping, are beautiful people, aren’t they? They are Beautiful! That's why we named this project - "The Famous Opera for The Beautiful People". We are planning to play Pagliacci 5 times during 2012 Festival (1 - 20 of July) in three different cities - Chisholm, Ely and Aurora, the hometown of Northern Lights International Music Festival, and will be happy to see you at any of our performances. The exact dates will be fixed by the end of 2011. There are no ticket sales on-line for any of Northern Lights events, the people just come and buy the tickets before the show. The festival sales the tickets for their events in a flat rate - $15 for adults and $8 for children. So, if you decide to come, please add to your pledge another $12 (average ticket price) and we will send you the VIP invitation with reserved for you best seats and supportive information "how to get in, where to stay". The Northern Lights International Music Festival is a 501c(3) organization and all your pledges are tax-deductable. From the day we launch the project and until the last package with the benefits reaches your home, I will be here daily with you, ready to answer your questions, glad to provide more information, and take care about all sides of this project and your participation. The video of this project is the future trailer for our production and will be modified weekly with upcoming information, details and other adds. Once you give us your help your name takes place in this video. This project will be completed at one minute before the New Year 2012. Its success will be the greatest New Year present for all of us.