Subvert is a F2P (Free to play) multi-player tactical shooter. Subvert places a strong emphasis in two key areas:Customization: Players will be able to customize their experience from their weapon up to their character and skills. Customization options are both, cosmetic and play-style related. Teamwork: Subvert's main game mode, Team Assault, is a 4 vs 4 style match, where players race towards an objective. Players will rely on each other to survive the environment and the hazards posed by the opposing team. Player classes were designed from the ground up to encourage cooperation between teammates. Subvert Needs Your HelpSubvert is a very ambitious project, but our team has the dedication and emotional investment to see it through. Unfortunately, developing a game can be very costly, even for the scope of our game, there are still non-game play related costs to address: Infrastructure: Building the networking back end to handle persistent accounts and reliable multiplayer. Licencing and Legal Costs: From the engine to the tools. Marketing: Trade show and online presence to get the word out about the game. Additional Talent: Even with the dedicated team, there are still so many hours in a day, and additional talent will help add a layer of polish to the game. RewardsThere are plenty of goodies up for grabs, real world items and in-game perks as well. At our highest tier, we will have you over and show you the in-development game and have some pizza, but all of our contributor tiers offer awesome goodies like free content packs (in lieu of the actual game, since it's free), DHB patches featuring the honey badger logo, T-shirts and more.But, WHY???OK, so the question still remains. There are plenty of projects out there that need support, and many with equally awesome rewards, so what makes Subvert so special? Subvert is a serious indie game. We have put a very special focus on polish and quality. Have a look around, Subvert looks like nothing else on Kickstarter. When we came up with the idea for a game, we weighed our options, and decided against a traditional"indie" approach: No chiptunes and no pixel art. We want to break the mold and change the perception of what an indie game is. Don't get me wrong, I love Super Meat Boy as much as the next guy, but we feel that there is room for more in the indie world.Kickstarter presents a unique opportunity for developers like us to side-step the conventional publishing process, and take our game directly to the supporters.More InfoThere is much more info available than I can fit on this page without making it several miles long, so check out the link below for more info.Classes UPDATED: The class system has been re-vamped. You can now pick from 8 base classes that are fully customizable to fit the situation and your play style.WeaponsWeapons are fully customizable. There are several weapon families, which are the "base receiver" for a variety of attachments and upgrades. Just about any base receiver can be customized to be used as an assault rifle, SMG or even a long-range rifle. The weapon will be uniquely "yours" down the appearance. For story and more details visit these pages:http://www.indiedb.com/games/subvert or http://subvertgame.com/ Thank YouResponse to Subvert since its announcement has been incredibly humbling. We are eager to share with you our progress and the result of or work, which is fueled by the amazing feedback we've received. We're excited for where this project can go, and we hope that you'll help us take it there.