WIll be available in both Android & iOS Slavic Nation is a mobile app concept aimed at connecting the Slavic community abroad. Our interactive database focuses on Slavic events, places of worship, stores & restaurants as well as local Slavic businesses. It is our hope that with the Slavic Nation app you will always be able to connect to a nearby Slavic community regardless of where your travels may take you. Clean & Simple Interface Understanding that the primary spoken language of users will vary, we designed a visually driven interface that is extremely easy to navigate. Due to our usage of simple and easy to understand iconography, language will not be a barrier to any user. Targeted Users This first version is primarily geared towards Belarusian, Polish, Russian and Ukrainian users. Online Slavic RadioWith Slavic Nation’s radio feature, we link users to a large list of live streaming online radio stations. This is a great way to stay up to date on current events back in the motherland as well as a great tool to increase proficiency of the Polish, Russian or Ukrainian language. Announcement Board Every community needs a good announcement board. This is the place where people can share latest news and ask questions. It is the one-stop place to get up-to-date on what is happening in the Slavic community of your city. Community EventsAs part of the announcement board, we also added an events page. This is where users can go to let Slavic people in their area know about a planned event. This feature is unique from others in that all events created within the Slavic Nation app are open to the user community. Let’s say you want to meet other Slavic people in your area. Simply add a social event to the events page. As users scroll through and discover your event, they can let you know about their planned attendance with one tap. Places of Worship Faith is big part of the Slavic community, so we created a place where people could go to find local communities of like-minded believers. Users are able to search in either a list or an interactive map view.All users are able to add new places of worship to our growing database as well as update or correct any information on a previously created listing. Each listing provides useful information such as address, website, hours of operation, dress code, as well as congregation size to make your first time attendance to a new place of worship worry-free. Stores & Restaurants In addition to faith, food is also an important part of Slavic life! Sure your mom still makes you delicious meals, but what happens when you visit a new city and start craving that same homemade goodness? With the Slavic Nation app, you’ll always be only a few taps away from finding a nearby Slavic restaurant or grocery store. Similar to Places of Worship, all users can also add and update any store or restaurant listing. Local Businesses Whether it’s because of language or culture, sometimes it’s just simply easier to do business with fellow Slavic people. Our clean and well-organized categories make it extremely easy to list and locate a nearby business. While Places of Worship and Stores & Restaurants are totally free to list in the app, all listings within the Local Business section will require a reasonable advertising fee to help cover the running and operating costs of the Slavic Nation app. Vast Database Slavic Nation will rely on the users to help populate the app with Slavic businesses and organizations. However, this app will not be released empty! We already have a database of over 860 different Slavic stores, restaurants and places of worship. And the list is only getting bigger by the day! Cost Rewards Receive a digital thank you card for your contribution to our project. We'll send you a sleek Slavic Nation sticker. Slap it on your bumper or the back of your laptop to show off your Slavic pride! In addition to the Slavic Nation sticker, you will be able to download the application 2 weeks before it is released to the public. Along with the sticker and early bird download, you will also receive a high quality Slavic Nation t-shirt. Contemporary fit, 100% pre-shrunk ringpsun cotton, soft, lightweight cotton fabric and double-needle stitched for durability. In addition to the t-shirt, sticker and early bird download of the app, you will also receive 1 admission to the Slavic Nation VIP launch party in the Columbus, Ohio area. Join us we celebrate and give away exciting gifts! The event is projected to take place in May of 2017. Exact date & time will be announced soon after we achieve our Kickstarter goal. Out of town donors must provide for their own travel expenses. Double the $39 gifts and save! In addition to the t-shirt, sticker, early bird download and 1 admission to the VIP launch party, your name will also be added to the Distinguished Donors list which is easily navigated to from the home screen of the app. Unless otherwise requested, your name will permanently stay there for all the users to see! For your contribution, we will feature 1 small banner advertising your business for 6 months inside the Local Businesses section of the app. Your ad will be hyperlinked so that users would be able to easily navigate to your website by simply tapping on your ad. Businesses must provide the designed banner. Business, advertisement and website must be appropriate for all users. Slavic Nation LLC reserves the right to refuse any advertisements with a full refund. For your contribution, we will feature 1 small banner advertising your business for 1 year inside the Local Businesses section of the app. Your ad will be hyperlinked so that users would be able to easily navigate to your website by simply tapping on your ad. Businesses must provide the designed banner. Business, advertisement and website must be appropriate for all users. Slavic Nation LLC reserves the right to refuse any advertisements with a full refund. For your contribution, we will put 1 large banner advertising your business for 6 months inside the Local Businesses section of the app. Your ad will be hyperlinked so that users would be able to easily navigate to your website by simply tapping on your ad. Businesses must provide the designed banner. Business, advertisement and website must be appropriate for all users. Slavic Nation LLC reserves the right to refuse any advertisements with a full refund. For your contribution, we will feature 1 large banner advertising your business for 1 year inside the Local Businesses section of the app. Your ad will be hyperlinked so that users would be able to easily navigate to your website by simply tapping on your ad. Businesses must provide the designed banner. Business, advertisement and website must be appropriate for all users. Slavic Nation LLC reserves the right to refuse any advertisements with a full refund. Become Slavic Nation's official partner for 1 year! For your generous contribution, have your business name or logo under the Slavic Nation logo of the app's home screen. Your business name will be hyperlinked to your website, and it will remain on the app's home screen for 1 year for all users to see! Business must provide logo. Business and website must be appropriate for all users. Slavic Nation LLC reserves the right to refuse any partnerships with a full refund. Risks and challenges Seeing as Slavic Nation is a concept that has been many months in the making, most of the risks and challenges have been encountered and resolved in early planning and drafting stages. Therefore, we come to this Kickstarter campaign fully confident in our idea and design. Our main challenge as of now is to raise the necessary funds to develop this application and get it out to your iPhone or Android device as soon as possible. This is where you come in. If you believe in our idea and wish to help us make it a reality, we encourage you to spread the word to your friends and family. Thank you for your support! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter