WEBSITE / PRESSKIT / GREENLIGHT / TWITTERThere are only 3 weeks left until monster prom! Go through all kinds of absurd and funny situations to raise your stats and seduce one of your classmates. Beautiful art, witty dialogues and hard choices are the main ingredients of this local competitive/cooperative (1-4 players) dating sim. Do you know how to conquer a monster’s heart? ;D IMPORTANT! - All rewards (except the postcards) are digital! “Monster Prom” is a local multiplayer game (Windows, Mac, Linux) meant to be played from 1 to 4 players (but trust us: the more, the merrier!) that mixes “choose-your-own-adventure” stuff with dating sims’ mechanics. You are a student at a monster highschool. Being a monster can be hard, but getting a date for the monster prom is even harder! You will have a limited number of turns to explore a school full of weird and amazing events that will let you meet 6 of your classmates. Each event (full of beautiful art and funny dialogues) will lead you to an absurd bifurcation where you will have to make a choice. Each event will raise or lower your stats and improve or mess with your relationship with your classmates. Choose wisely! Are you charming enough to go with a certain answer? Are you bold enough to follow a specific choice? Each option can be a potential success or failure. Try to do your best at each situation and enjoy the ride… but don’t forget that, in the end, prom night will arrive and you will have to go all in… but with whom? It surely could be the night of your life… but that will depend on you. 1. COMPETITIVE DATING SIM Feel like fighting for love? Compete against others to win the affection of the same love interest! Will you come out on top? 2. LOTS OF FUNNY SITUATIONS 300+ events, each with four possible outcomes, totaling over 1,000 different scenarios. Discover new content in every playthrough! 3. UNIQUE CHARACTERS Meet six larger than life objects of affection, each with gorgeous art illustrated by Arthur Tien and hilarious personalities developed by Julián Quijano and Cory O’Brien. 4. CHOICES THAT MATTER Your decisions affect the outcome of each scenario, allowing you to unlock an array of funny endings. Sometimes, you may even come upon decisions that affect your friends' journeys -- will you aid them or screw them over? 5. ABSURD ITEMS Earn all kinds of achievements to unlock new items in the shop, which can help you in your highschool adventures or even unlock new and absurd events. A penguin mask, a spork, a slave, an erotic fanfic about dragons… 6. MONSTER FASHION Each monster has different outfits to show. We wanted a true and absurd slice of life game, so we wanted our characters to display different clothes according to their style. 7. SECRET ENDINGS The game will have a good amount of endings depending on your choices during the game. But there will be secret endings too. Secret endings will be unlocked by successfully navigating crazy plots that include a bunch of events. Our main goal is to include at least 2 secret endings per love interest; but we have a lot more in mind if we get enough funding. Each secret ending has its own unique illustration. 8. MODERN LOVE&POST-MODERN HUMOR We wanted to reflect and parody how love, flirting, relationships, life and sex have change in the last years: selfies, dating apps, crowdfunding, dickpics, raves, emojis… Also, to be clear, Monster Prom NEVER takes itself seriously. It’s fully aware of its own parodic nature and it’s able of laughing at itself. We just don’t care. To sum it up, some of our dearest references are Rick&Morty, Archer, South Park, Man seeking woman, Master of None or Scream Queens. Let’s celebrate post-modernism! Let’s laugh at everything with no shame! 9. TRUE HIGHSCHOOL FLOW We're trying to make the experience as funny and creative as possible. You will have to explore your highschool, but some turns will take place in the cafeteria, where you will have to choose which seat to take, depending on which of your classmates you want to romance. Also, we didn't want all players starting with the same stats, so we came up with this minigame at the beginning of each game session: a crazy pop quiz question will always be the opener and the answer you take will shape your stats. 10. NO ONE'S OFF LIMITS: A NON-BINARY GAME Don't worry if you want to romance a certain love interest as a certain character! In Monster Prom characters don't like boys or girls... they like people. Turns out, monsters don't really care about sexual orientation. They are probably not even the same species! We'd hate to obstruct your great Casanova challenge by making additional rules, so there's no gender/sex/species/planetary/dimensional limitations in the game whatsoever. In fact it's less work that way. So we decide you can just romance anyone with anyone. There. Being lazy rules. Our chars don't like someone for being male or female, but because of their traits: being fun, being smart, being bold, being charming or being creative. Beautiful Glitch is a videogames studio based in Barcelona. But our real HQ are the internetz. The guy who started all this is Julián Quijano (biz&creative direction), but making games wouldn't be possible without the great talent of other individuals such as Elías Pereiras (programming), Arthur Tien (Art) and Cory O'Brien (Narrative). By combining the power rings of these 4 individuals, they can summon Earth's greatest power: A SEMI-FUNCTIONAL INDIE VIDEOGAME! But that's not all! A whole lot of talented folks have helped Monster Prom so far. Let's present them! REILLY STROOPE: UI of the gameLAUREN RUSSO: map artTORBEN RATZLAFF: web designSONIA FERNÁNDEZ: Beautiful Glitch's logo designESTEL MARTÍNEZ&EVA PUYAL: Graphic design for the KS pageBERNAT UDINA: KS video editionJANEL TORKINGTON: KS video's voiceoverMESSER CHUPS: the great music on the KS video + the demo! Risks and challenges Our biggest risk is to be just too cool 8) Just kidding. There are no big risks here. Most of the costs have been already paid. This Kickstarter tries tries to make the last steps easier and see if there's the chance an audience likes the project so much we can go even bigger. We hope so! This project shines because of its art and narrative. We've done more than half of the visual content already and we've prepared +50 events out of 300 we want to include. Now it's just a matter of time and hard-work. The programmer has started to explore how to make this possible and an upcoming (really basic) build will prove that we already have something! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter