Cthulhu Saves the World is a highly rated indie comedy RPG for the XBox 360. Cthulhu, the horrible monster from H.P. Lovecraft's writing that inflicts insanity upon all just from his presence, has been cursed and has lost his powers. The only way that he can regain his powers is by becoming a true hero! Join Cthulhu and a cast of quirky characters on an epic 16-bit style RPG filled with courage, romance, and insanity! Here are a few of the positive reviews that the XBox 360 version has already received:http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2011-01-11-cthulhu-saves-the-world-reviewhttp://www.joystiq.com/2011/01/06/xbox-live-indie-gems-cthulhu-saves-the-worldhttp://www.gamesradar.com/xbox360/cthulhu-saves-the-world/review/cthulhu-saves-the-world-review/a-20110107145343379076/g-20110107132438355027 Unfortunately, we had to cut a few features that were originally intended for the game due to a lack of funds and time. The most prominent of these features is the special remix mode - Cthulhu's Angels. In this mode, Cthulu is too lazy to be a hero himself so he talks a group of talented women into doing his heroic deeds for him. New dialogue, new monsters, new songs, a new playable character, and a new dungeon are some of the additions this mode will contain. We are currently trying to raise funds so that we can add this new mode back into the game and so that we can port the game to the PC so that people without an XBox 360 can enjoy the game. Although we have set $3000 as the bare minimum to accomplish this project, the more funds we receive, the more features we can add and the faster we can release the new versions. Note, that although our focus will be on creating the new PC version of the game, the new content will be added to both the PC version and the existing XBox 360 version. As a side benefit, once we have ported Cthulhu Saves the World to the PC, it should be relatively easy to port our previous game, Breath of Death VII: The Beginning, to the PC as well as all future games we create. We have included a number of backer rewards that we hope will be appealing to fans of our games, however the number one reward is knowing that you are helping to support a new development group in following its dream to become a full-time developer of high quality games. Even if you can only spare a dollar or two, every bit helps.