In June of 2016 our company, The Children's Shakespeare Theatre, went to the World Festival of Children's Theater in Stratford, Ontario as the only representatives from the USA. We met children from 22 countries who did all kinds of theater, but the company we connected with most closely was a company of deaf children from Russia called The Piano Theatre. Not only was their show beautiful, compelling and absolutely charming, but the kids themselves were enthusiastic about all the new things they were seeing and learning. We knew we needed to work together again somehow and, soon after we left Stratford, we began to make plans to realize this dream. saying farewell at the World Festival In short, CST will be sponsoring Piano (with your help) to come to NY in May of 2017. We will be co-teaching workshops for kids and adults all around the tri-state area and finishing the visit with a performance festival both in NYC and in Nyack, NY. Basically we’re trying to spread this JOY and LOVE to as many people as we can reach during a 2-week visit. We will teach clowning, movement, dance and even some Shakespeare text. We will bring performances into local schools and invite questions and conversations. We will be working on a collaborative piece of theater that combines what we both do best – a series of sonnets interpreted in movement and dance by kids from both companies and interpreted in ASL by local students. And all of this will be on view during a final festival weekend on June 2 & 3, 2017. We are talking with other companies in NY to see if they want to participate and there is already a buzz of excitement building around this project. Additionally, many CST families have already stepped forward to host the visitors and help in other ways. WHAT WE NEED: To make this happen we need plane tickets for the actors and directors (7 all together); we need ground transportation in NY of various kinds; we needs meals (some will be covered by hosts); we need rehearsal space and performance space; and finally we also want to provide some cultural visits for our guests to show them what we like about our area and what makes us proud to be artists in America. PLEASE HELP! And then feel gratified that you have helped to build one small bridge between the USA and Russia. Just think what would happen if MORE people in our two countries made small overtures to each other in similar ways? Peaceful solutions begin like this. OUR THANKS: Every year we compose a beautiful season program that is given out to patrons all year. Your name will be there for all to see as having supported this most wonderful mission! If you are willing to sponsor us in a big way, we will bring workshops and custom-tailored events right to YOU! We also have tickets to give away, both to our regular season and to this final festival. If you’ve never been to one of our shows, 2017 is the time! Our season includes Macbeth, Moliere’s Scapin, Queen Lear and A Midsummer Night’s Dream set in Louisiana. Come see the work that audiences have raved about for 18 years (website HERE): “The passion you have for what you do shows in every little detail, but also in every breathless twinkling of understanding as Shakespeare's words engage something deep in the actors and therefore in us. “ “We were totally unprepared for the sheer delight of your production.” To share this passion and inspiration across oceans, across barriers of language, and even without verbal communication will be an unprecedented learning experience for us and for all who witness it. We thank you for joining us in this great adventure. World Festival cast excited to meet new friends FUN PRIZES from our Shakespeareify store: custom Shakespeare phone case Shakespeare tote bag Risks and challenges We are fully committed to making this happen and are lining up partners in many ways. We have applied for grants and for funding from schools, and this campaign is only one branch of our efforts. This project will happen for certain in one way or another. The only minor risk would be some sort of resistance from the Russian government, but The Piano Theatre has been to over 50 other international festivals, so there is no reason to expect that they will be denied Visas. All rewards will be delivered at the very latest by the end of 2017. We delivered all rewards for our last project by the end of the summer, and we fully expect that we will be capable of delivering on these. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter