Story:A smiling silhouette of static notifies its viewers that they can dial '9' and enable its entry into their world; An ethereal and godly ovum twitches with the inner life of mystery being to-be; Two reptile twins discuss their unsavory schemes. Converging dream and waking life realities Moments of Silence portrays the tale of a celebrated politician from the netherworld's inner circles and the hapless creature who sets him free: Moments of Silence is a game for Windows stylized in free experimentation that colludes multiple mediums to achieve its aesthetic purpose. Among its inspirational parents are Le Planete Sauvage, the works of Jan Svankmajer, Art Clokey and Terry Gilliam, games like Oddworld, Machinarium, and Neverwood and the antique natural histories of early science pioneers. Perhaps Moments of Silence would best be described as a satire for futurists interested in string theory. It is in part a continuation to my to recent project Middens aswell as a stand alone story that requires no prior familiarity with the continuity of the universe it illustrates. World: (Moments of Silence World Map) The narrative begins in a stranded seven tiered city perched on the hump of a prehistoric turtle. Bungees and metal pulleys support the precarious tower structure that stratifies poor from rich. To maintain the health of their biological host the city employs its working class to nurture the turtle until one day a cancerous growth is discovered at the base of its neck. Thrown into panic at the news of its dying foundation the city leaders scheme at a solution, and the game's true story starts... Screen Shots: Features: The game will sport an enormous amount of original creatures to philosophize with, hand painted landscapes and vistas, a treasure-trove of hidden collectibles and curios to pillage, activist missions to influence the outcome of a nation, alternative universes and an open world to explore, multiple endings and a panoply of replaceable heads to collect and wear. As planned the game will exceed most commercially manned games in terms of overall content. Gameplay: Combining elements from the Adventure, Action and RPGs genres Moments of Silence is a hybrid game that incorporates real time action as well as menu based interactions. Opposition in the form of disreputable creatures will require that the player occasionally engage in combat, although problem and puzzle solving will be equally useful in allaying obstacles. A technical comparison could be drawn to the 16-bit era action-adventure games such as Zelda, though this project is more intended to advance upon those motifs than recreate them verbatim. Highly open to choice Moments of Silence will largely enable the player to free roam and open the narrative from the stand point of their whims. As with my former project there is no correct way to play Moments of Silence, and the game intends accommodate a wide range of player styles and preferences. Themes: Inspired by such activities as urban exploration, zen meditation and astral projection Moments of Silence is greatly rooted in matters of consciousness, sense of self and its relation or displacement with its environment. Games, as self contained world simulators, I believe, are choice playgrounds for such themes and it is my hope that Moments of Silence will provide a landscape to test these ideas. Investment: Funds will be allocated purely for the game's production which promises to be a monumental commitment. Any amount donated over the aspired after total will go straight into time spent expanding the game and accentuating its features. Physical disks including art laden instruction manuals are also planned to be released in limited quantities. Donating may be the only way to ensure a copy. Stretch Goals! -4k plus Will enable me to go the full nine yards in reproducing physical copies of the game at the best standard. This would include jewel casing with interior booklets outfitted decorative designs and concept art. -6K plus The amount of content in Moments of Silence will be doubled. More characters, more missions, more areas to explore. Events and plot lines discarded due to resource constraints will be restored. Consider this the director's cut version. -8k Will afford me the means to commission project collaborator Shaina to work on the game full time. In this case project collaborator Shaina and I will allot more time to detailing the game's environments and characters. Many scenes would be hand painted adding a picaresque quality to the game's interiors and environments. (Example of Shaina Nordlund's work) More about Shaina: Shaina is an exceedingly talented senior majoring in 'Water Color Studies' and 'Illustration' at the American Academy of Art in Chicago. Her designs were a major contribution to my prior project, Middens, for which she authored the game over screen and many promotional artworks: (Shaina Nordlund's 'Middens Gameover Screen') An alternative trailer for the Moments of Silence can be viewed here. For information and image samples related to my fine art works please visit one of my online galleries. (My fineart piece 'Hell Maw') For information and image samples related to Middens please visit: http://middens.tumblr.com/ For press reactions to Middens please visit: Press Kit Risks and challenges Based on my history of designing experience I estimate that Moments of Silence will be completed by November of next year, and even likely well before that time. Still, there is always the possibility of a small delay should the unforeseen happen. In such a case I will notify all contributors should a new release date be required. However--excluding the unlikely chance of my untimely death or disablement 'Moments of Silence' will completed. There is no possibility of the project falling through and I guarantee its completion. Over its development time there is a chance the project will undergo a metamorphosis as it manifests. Any changes that precipitate will always arise for reasons of bettering the game's experience. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter