We are developing Mathatar, an educational computer game that delivers an exciting and engaging learning experience by taking players on a quest to discover not only the history of Maths (which is really the history of mankind), but also teaches the player Maths from Key Stage 2 up to and including Key Stage 4 GCSE.This first stage kickstarter is to help us get the first proof of concept level created. We're already beavering away and making the game, so the aim of our project is to engage with potential customers and deliver excellent rewards along the way.All backers will receive their physical rewards within 30 days (except where postage overseas delays) of the closing of the first funding stage. The game itself will launch (Estimated late 2017) as soon as it's finished!The lessons within are polished, professional animated films with assessments and supplementary maths questions to enable subject mastery. We will be giving access to sample lessons very soon to all backers.Players who are lacking confidence in the subject of Maths have the opportunity to revisit subjects where confidence may be limited and get a thorough understanding of the subject.The lessons are accredited and have been developed by the Heads Of Maths at a highly regarded Academic Trust. All learning materials and assessments are related to the current UK national Maths curriculum and follow the effective ‘Shanghai Method’ of mastery. Feedback from players has been hugely positive and many parents have found the game reduces or even negates the need for expensive private Maths tuition.Every player starts at Key Stage 2 maths standard, which gives students studying at a higher level the opportunity to revisit earlier ideas with the likelihood that this will ‘fill in any cracks’ in the player’s mathematical knowledge and understanding. Additional game features include badges, achievements, social media interactions, mini games, historical context to enable deeper understanding / mastery, revision areas, full support (with Teachers on hand to help if required) and an incentive programme that drives players to achieve high scores in return for rewards. The game is accessible across all platforms and devices, is free to download and try, although a paywall occurs at Level 2, however backers will get early access and most backers will get the entire game for free. We want to make Maths fun! Risks and challenges Our project is already gathering steam and interest from within the education field. As a privately owned and financially stable business, we're looking for backers to join us on this quest, so they can get valuable rewards and benefits in return for helping us develop the game faster. There is always a risk that a project won't get finished, however, we believe that we have the right amount of interest around the education field to give us the impetus to get this magical project through to completion. With the project taking shape, sample levels being developed and interest being shown within education, we felt it was time to add some crowdfunding to the programme. We've structured the rewards in an innovative and value for money fashion, so that backers will get real value for their support. We are always available to discuss any concerns with backers, accessing the website will give you our contact details. Once the target for the proof of concept level stage has been reached, we will be able to immediately arrange the rewards and all physical rewards will be fulfilled within 30 days. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter