Hello Beautiful People! First off, I'd like to thank EVERYONE who has been so supportive and given us so much love since the beginning. We are sending love to our people from our city of Minneapolis/St Paul and to our new home in Brooklyn, and everyone worldwide! Besos! Now, we are excited to share more and more big news of changes coming on our horizon. Since our release of our debut EP, Hiding Blind in 2008, we have been working hard on new and more challenging music. Digging deeper into our souls and capabilities, we have been grinding away, but have been experiencing many road blocks as Independent artists. Without a label supporting you, all fees must come out of pocket, and rent and raising a child in NY can be tough as is! Wowzers. Anyways...we have finally reached the home stretch and we have not only 1, but 2 amazing projects to share with our fans, supporters and the world! The first project will be a full length, the followup to the EP, and will deliver a eclectic package of soul, rock, experimental electronic, world, hip hop and new sound. No simple way to describe it, but its tasty! There will be some special guests on vocals and maybe even a few remixes depending on funding. This album will be pressed up with artwork on an ecofriendly sleeve with only limited amounts printed in the physical. This will be your chance to get it first! The second project, Via Barcelona, is like our new musical love experiement. After winning last years Scion Vocalist Competition, I took the check and bought tickets to Barcelona, where Rico and I rediscovered the beauty of acoustic guitar and romantic beach days. With nothing but a guitar and garageband, we began to map out what now is an EP that we cant wait to get into the world. All acoustic tracks with soulful, raw, heart gripping vocals. We found a top engineer with 40 yrs experience, right by our house who has agreed to help us get an amazing recording of the project at Royal Blue Studios. He has mastered the likes of Led Zeppelin, Miles Davis, Dave Brubeck, Felix Cavaliere (The Rascals), Santana, Chicago, Bob Marley, Barbra Streisand, Charlene (Motown), Aretha Franklin, Jimi Hendrix, and hundreds more. Then, more big new!. The arrival of our second lovechild this fall. Yes, I'm very pregnant as I type, so the clock is ticking. We are ready to release both of the projects together before I pop! (or should i say the baby pops?) Thank God for http://www.kickstarter.com, right in time to kick this into gear! We need your help! Any and everything helps so pleeeeease spread the word, pass this on, and spread love! We will take the money raised on kickstarter.com to MIX, MASTER, PRESS and PRINT both limited CD's and VINYL of both releases! We will also use the funds to pay any fee's to artists and musicians involved (other than ourselves), put together a high quality digital download, website and also promote the music. Here's the catch, if we don't raise the full amount (every penny), we don't get any of the money and your account will never be charged. So dig deep, and we will give you our love and amazing gifts in return! Thank you from the whole White-Mendez family! Sarah, Rico, Iza and unborn bean in my belly.. Listen to "Hiding Blind" here: http://sarahwhite.bandcamp.com/album/hiding-blind FREE "FADE" Remix EP: http://sarahwhite.bandcamp.com/ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- A TASTE of VIA BARCELONA: There is nothing quite like watching artists you love elevate, especially when it comes in unexpected packaging. Singer/MC Sarah White and her partner-in-creation, Dj Don Cuco, best known for their work in the hip hop/electronic genres, have done just this... by stripping down. In a landscape of bangin' drums and layered, affected vocals, White and Cuco take a different approach. Using the power of sparse poetic lyrics and haunting vocals accompanied by acoustic guitar, White and Cuco craft deeply moving songs that bring us back to the essence of human music. What emerges is a raw experience that touches on the heart strings. This music sits somewhere between the belly and ribcage, prodding all of our hurting parts to open up again, only to rub balm on the wound and remind us a better day is just over horizon. Do yourself a favor and listen under headphones with no other distractions. This is the way to first take it in. And I promise you'll return to it again and again. --Caits Meissner/Poet If you're lucky enough to get an email about a private performance by Sarah White, in a secret location (Cloud) you had better go. I'm one to really get a high off of the energy in the room and by the end of the night, I was floating. Hosted by poet, Caits Meissner, Sarah White and her partner in life and music, Rico treated us to a taste of their project "Via Barcelona" on their sixth anniversary. The Minnesota native, Brooklyn transplant, world traveled Sarah White usually has her hands on soulful melange of electronic dance bass beats but the acoustic "Via Barcelona" is a window into the relationship of two unique musicians that are also lovers. --TastyKeish/WBAI Rise Up radio Host/Producer FEEDBACK from HIDING BLIND EP: "When it comes to musical exception there’s always a valid excuse to appreciate a rare find... Giving us her first dose of a sonically intoxicating escape, the newest addition to the neo-eclectic outfit, whispers a refreshing trip through the breeze of inspiration that resides within the walls of her debut EP, Hiding Blind." --Alaina Lewis/Clutch Magazine "The smoky-eyed chanteuse is a songbird of a different flock with a sound fusing electrodub, crunk sounds, hip-hop, tribal and jazz-soul among other genres and interesting lyrical content....Hiding Blind is a gem." --Marcus Scott/Nu-Soul Magazine "If former Black Blondie Sarah White was signed to a major record label, this debut effort would be plastered all over every R&B radio station going. "Hiding Blind" is a dazzling display of the best of modern nu-jazz, soul, R&B and club sounds, all underpinned by Sarah's velvet smooth vocals...'Hiding Blind' is a bullshit free record. It does exactly what it says on the tin. It's great singing with great songs." --Jamie Hailstone/Properly Chilled "Overwhelming while coy, strong while subtle, Sarah definitely harbors a dichotomy that will never grow old." --Soul Bounce "Imagine a world without the voice of Nina Simone, Jill Scott, and countless other female songstresses who continue to heal, inspire, turn on, make us smile and relive experiences through the sheer power of their voice...knowing the heart-transforming power of this lady's vocal abilities, I can no longer imagine the world without the voice of Sarah White...Watch as her inner star leaves the galaxy within to shed her brilliance all over the globe" --Lichiban/Visual Artist & Tastemaker