This project is the first virtual reality narrative from the Emerson College Augmented and Virtual Reality Initiative (ECAVR). Ranked as the 8th best film school in the world, Emerson has trained many students towards success in the film and television industries. Maren's Rock will help lay the foundation of our new curriculum, to begin to train students in virtual reality storytelling. Whether you are an alum who would like to support this huge step forward for your alma mater, or you are an individual excited by the prospect of professional quality story-driven VR content, then we could use your help on this exciting project. Virtual reality is the perfect medium to transport the viewer to New England in the year 1873 where this tale unfolds...Every generation has its moment of horror. From Jack the Ripper to Lizzie Borden to the Zodiac Killer, we struggle with what would motivate an individual to commit such actions. In 1873, the eyes of the world were turned on Portsmouth, NH and the indescribable murders that transpired on an island located 10 miles off the coast, Smuttynose Island. It was there, in the most unlikely of places, that on an unseasonably warm March evening two women were brutally murdered – one by axe and one by strangulation – in a case that would grip the world. Why? Because there was a survivor.Maren Hontvet, a Norwegian immigrant and wife of a fisherman, watched her sister and sister-in-law struck down. Unable to identify the killer, she fled across the small island seeking refuge in the rocks to live another day and testify to what she saw, beginning a firestorm of controversy and pulling a town apart. Was it the Prussian immigrant, Louis Wagner, whom the mob was convinced had turned on his employers in a robbery gone wrong? Was it another islander who had broken the unspoken code that kept this lawless outpost together? This film takes the viewer through an immersive virtual reality experience of one of the most amazing tales of folklore found in New England history, the murders of Smuttynose Island. The virtual reality experience places the viewer in the moment - in a way standard filmmaking could never accomplish. With nowhere to escape the peril felt by the lone survivor, the viewer comes face to face with the fear and vulnerability of Maren Hontvet. Not knowing where the danger lies, the viewer will look side to side and over their shoulders, sharing Maren’s drive to survive and tell of the horrors inflicted on her family. The technology of virtual reality allows the filmmakers to faithfully capture the time and place of the story, draw us into the full experience of the characters, and allow us to relate in a way not previously possible. We are not learning of this terrible tale, we are living it and learning from it. We are witnessing firsthand the will to survive and the will of a woman to bring her tormentor to justice. Standard 2d films with historical settings are production intensive, but a 360 video narrative like this one requires an even greater degree of precision in terms of anything that the viewer sees onscreen. This campaign is to raise the funds needed to support location shooting in New England, sets and props needed to recreate the year 1873, as well as actor and transport fees.UPDATE: We just wrapped our first weekend of shooting at Strawbery Banke Museum! The film looks excellent so far, and we're so excited to share it with all of you next year!Bavand Karim as Louis Wagner- Marci Diamond as Maren Hontvet- Michael Coppola as John Hontvet- For exclusive behind-the-scenes content from production, be sure to follow us on Facebook and Twitter!https://www.facebook.com/MarensRock/https://twitter.com/MarensRock Risks and challenges The challenges facing this project come in two stages. We are addressing the first stage, production, with this Kickstarter. Our challenge will be to believably recreate coastal New England in 1873 in 360 degrees for our audience. We have the combined experience of Emerson faculty, alums and students to address unforeseen problems which may occur during this stage, and are confident we can leverage that expertise to address production problems quickly. The second challenge will come at the post-production stage. Here we are very capable of addressing any problems, with access to Emerson College's digital labs and sound mix facilities as well as senior post-production faculty member Daniel Gaucher overseeing the project as Executive Producer. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter