anywhere.cab and anywhere.limo are links to the world's first and only P2P taxi and limo driver geolocater. For the first time in history a low tech solution to an age old problem is on the horizon. Which cab company do I call? Where is the driver? Can I pay with a credit card? anywhere.cab is the simple solution that will liberate taxi and limo drivers by giving clients direct access to the driver with no dispatcher, no app to download, no middleman, no commissions, no "safe ride" fees, and no need to register personal passcodes, banking information, email, cell phone number, or home address. Your personal info will never be compromised, because we don't want it or need it. anywhere.cab lets you rate the driver on specifics like safety. And lets you give your gut feeling that can't be star rated.... "Would you ride with this driver again"anywhere.cab lets you see the driver and his car before you call them, see profile that lets you know if the driver is pet friendly, takes credit cards, or could store a fold down wheelchair in the trunk. The Taxi Industry is refusing to modernize. The cab and limo drivers are trapped in their broken system. New rideshare app tech is great. But not perfect. You may hate cabs, but as more and more cab drivers quit because Big Taxi refused to adopt modern tech & give clients direct access to drivers, App Surge pricing will become more & more the norm. That $1 a mile rideshare ride suddenly will be elusive. Many love the innovation of rideshare. But what happens when you don't? Unaccompanied minors and friends you order a rideshare for are not covered under Uber's insurance. It's in the terms of service. Uber nor Lyft monitor if their drivers actually maintain a valid drivers licence or insurance after driver is approved. They only monitor expiration dates. Uber and Lyft know their drivers are not covered on or off duty by personal insurance, yet let the drivers think they are. Alot of people are comfortable with all of this. But for the people who are not, basic dispatch or direct access to a cab doesn't exist.I am raising funds not to stop rideshare or deny anyone access to it. I AM raising funds to ensure a system is created to give anyone that wants or needs it direct P2P access to a licenced, local background checked, commercially insured taxi or limo driver. I AM raising funds to ensure a win-win system for cabbies and clients to have direct access to each other without the threat of Price Surge. I AM raising funds to ensure my anywhere.cab P2P taxi and limo locater site exists when you open your rideshare app and there is a sustained ×3 Surge. I AM raising funds to ensure that if you need a cab for any reason you can actually get one. I AM raising funds to ensure my anywhere.cab driver locater will maintain a healthy balance on rideshare Surge Pricing. New app tech should have been win-win for drivers and riders. If/when riders have no other option than to order a surge rideshare, riders will be out of the Big Taxi frying pan and into the rideshare Surge Pricing fire. That doesn't sound like freedom of choice to me. As long as riders have an option available to them like anywhere.cab to locate a taxi when paying Surge is not an option, rideshare apps that believe they have the right to charge you ×2 ×3 ×4 Surge because they think you are a captive audience will maintain competitive rates instead. Then riders, cabbies, and TNC drivers will be in a real free market system of competition. Balance and innovation will find its "win win happy place".Logistics: Plan of Action:Because I decided to go low tech and create a win-win system for riders AND drivers I will have the support of taxi and limo drivers. I have been active and well known with drivers in my prior attempts to help cabbies and limo drivers get on the grid. As a cabbies I launched the first taxi app in Florida before Uber arrived here. I don't need to point out this was a huge feat for a single cabbie with a vision of the future to pull off. Big Taxi did not support it and drivers didn't understand what an app even was. Then the app developer cancelled the project. It's still listed as Polo Cab app on the app store. I have access to drivers around the world on Twitter. When you have a plan to make the world better Twitter is the platform to do it. I am well known by regulators and elected officials as the only person in Palm Beach County making any effort to move toward a win win vehicle for hire system. Even though it's to no avail.I am recognized by media reporters for the work I have been doing to try and make regulators and Big Taxi step up to the plate and create a real answer to the broken Taxi Industry. Finially, I left greed out of the equation. My focus is on a simple win win solution. That is the most powerful tool in my belt. Risks and challenges It is counter intuitive, but I expect the Big Taxi stakeholders and fleet owners to file legal challenges to anywhere.cab I expect Big Taxi to lobby local regulators to try and shut the anywhere.cab site down. Big Taxi does not want cabbies to have direct access to riders. That is why they never collaberated on a universal app to compete with Uber. Once cabbies have their own communication system to direct connect with riders, cabbies can either demand to have access to independent operator taxi licences from regulators or leave the high lease cab companies drivers pay $500+ a week to and lease under smaller companies that will give them better lease rates. There could be legal challenges that anywhere.cab is an unregulated dispatch provider. Yet It's not a dispatch system as there is no middleman. I preempted that strike by making anywhere.cab pure P2P. I also preempted the attack that anywhere.cab is a taxi broker by refusing to be the middleman for credit card processing or charge a commission. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter