What is the Internet of Things?Simply put, the Internet of Things is about connecting everyday physical objects (or anything you want!) to the Internet and allowing them to interact with each other. These physical objects now become digital as well, and are connected via data stored online.What is the Internet of My Things? That's exactly why we're here. A digital (smart) product enhances the value of a physical product by allowing the product to do so much more. You can create a database of all your things, transfer them by changing ownership online, or add a story behind your things for anyone to view online. Internet of My Things is about making your things smarter. Imagine 3 scenarios:At least a few times a year, you find yourself browsing the shops or online for the perfect item to celebrate a milestone. You want to gift something that is fun, unique, and can be personalized. Whether you are the best gifter, or someone who finds gifting a tedious chore, you spend a long time trying to pick out a suitable gift. The look of their grinning faces tell you that you have achieved your goal. Gifting is difficult, but it does not have to be. You can create a meaningful gifts with lasting memories.We help you make the gifting experience fun. Give your customers an awesome deal. You want to sell an item but want to include a special message to your customers. You want to express your gratitude to your customers for their support, include bonus material for them to access after purchase, or allow interaction after sale. For a successful sale, you want to enhance the product value and buying experience for your customers. That way, they will return to you again and again.We help you differentiate yourself from other competitors. Look around your house. Chances are, you have valuable items you don't want to lose. Simply tag them to claim ownership and add product history. If you ever decide to sell or give away the item, you can transfer ownership rights though our patented and patent-pending technologies.We help you manage your stuff. The best part is that you can do it all without spending a fortune. Benefits Unlimited access to each unique evaTag from anywhere as long as you want Personalize each evaTag with its own cloud webpage from your online account - upload photos and add content for public or private use Ability to allow users to comment on each of your evaTag pages - interact with customers and friends! Trace your stuff in case of lost Transfer product ownership with ease Add value to your products! How it Works Purchase a set of evaTags. Scan the tag! A webpage will pop up allowing you to create an account (first-time user) or log in. Attach the evaTag to your product. Edit your page to add any content (including pictures) you want. Tell a story, add additional details or product description. Publish to the public or keep private. If private, no one except you can scan the tag will be able to view content. If you allow comments, others who view the content will be able to comment and interact with you. Each tag corresponds to one webpage. You can copy the tag to link all your products to one webpage, or use separate tags to link the products to different webpages. Click to try out... Turn anything into a digital product. There are so many possibilities and usage for an evaTag. If you have a suggestion, let us know! Patterns for choice. evaTag Features Unlimited access Transferable ownership Upload up to 3 photos 7,200 characters of content HTML + linkability 5-time editing Unlimited user comments 5 comments per user (editable) 600 characters per comment Keep info private or open to public Transfer to own account before use ...and more! Thank you for your support! From the evaTag team :-) Risks and challenges Our web platform is under testing and fine tuning. We expect it to be completed in July 2016 without any major delays but there are always some risks involved. We can deliver by email as soon as possible. For mail delivery, we will be printing evaTags and will ship the physical products. We believe everything will be ready when the campaign finishes and are on time to be delivered shortly after. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter