VIDEO GAMES LIVE: LEVEL 4 WAS SUCCESSFULLY FUNDED ON NOVEMBER 28, 2014!Rewards are STILL AVAILABLE through our website!DIGITAL REWARDSPHYSICAL REWARDSThank-you for supporting and believing in the project!! ✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰ CAN LIGHTNING STRIKE TWICE!?!?✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰✰ Video Games Live™ is an award winning immersive world touring concert event featuring music from the most popular video games of all time. Created, produced and hosted by world renowned game industry veteran Tommy Tallarico, top orchestras and choirs around the world perform along with exclusive synchronized video footage and music arrangements, synchronized lighting, well known internet solo performers, electronic percussion, live action and unique interactive segments to create an explosive one-of-a-kind entertainment experience. Picture the energy and excitement of a rock concert mixed with the power and emotion of a symphony orchestra combined together by the technology, interactivity, stunning visuals and fun that only video games can provide. Completely synchronized cutting-edge video screen visuals, state-of-the-art lighting and special fx, stage show production and special on-stage interactive segments with the audience dazzle crowds of all ages – gamers and non-gamers alike. The Kickstarter campaign will help us raise the funds to create and produce our fourth album which we have titled "Level 4". This will be a studio recording (not a live recording). Our hope is to be able to obtain funding for our stretch goals so we can produce a full length live concert motion picture as well. Over the past decade Video Games Live has helped to legitimize video game music and has shown the world the creative, cultural and artistic side of gaming. Although VGL has obtained a lot of accolades and success, the music industry and record companies are VERY different and no music or record company is willing to invest the budget needed to accomplish our goals and put out a top quality product that we and the entire game industry can be proud of. They don't believe in the culturally artistic significance of video game music and they don't believe that people are interested in listening after the game is turned off. And that's where YOU come in! Last year we successfully funded LEVEL 3 on Kickstarter and the project came out ON TIME! We over delivered on Rewards, content and number of songs on the album. You can view the LEVEL 3 KIckstarter video HERE: Lightning CAN strike twice!!This project is open for funding for EVERYWHERE AND EVERYONE in the world! We will ship anywhere and if we meet our video Stretch Goals there will be absolutely no region coding, etc. and PAL versions of the DVD/Blu-Ray will be made. Video Games Live: Level 4 will be the 4th album of symphonic video game music from the award winning 10 year+ world touring Video Games Live concert series. The album will be recorded, mixed and mastered in world famous recording studios with a 72+ piece orchestra of world class musicians as well as famous video game composers from around the world!Each music segment in Video Games Live is personally arranged and orchestrated by the original composers and also uses input from the actual game designers & producers and game developers & publishers. The album track list will consist of NEVER BEFORE RELEASED Video Games Live music arrangements from game franchises such as Final Fantasy VI (Opera), Zelda: Ocarina of Time, Donkey Kong Country, World of Warcraft: Warlords of Draenor, League of Legends, BioShock, Metal Gear Solid 3 - "Snake Eater", Earthworm Jim, Uncharted, Resident Evil, Assassin's Creed, Cave Story AND MORE! The goal is to have between 12 - 15 tracks on the album.Release date is February 18, 2015.Here are just a few examples of the arrangements that will be going on the album...Earthworm Jim MedleyHere's the Earthworm Jim Symphonic Arrangement I put together that is a medley of my favorite 4 songs from EWJ 1 & 2. New Junk City, Tangerine, Falling & Subterranean. I'd LOVE the opportunity to be able to record this with a live orchestra! League of Legends - "Challengers"Here's our League of Legends arrangement that we worked on with the folks at Riot Games and lead composer Christian Linke. Final Fantasy VI - "Aria de Mezzo Carattere" Opera RemixHere is Jill & Andrew Aversa's arrangement of the Final Fantasy VI Opera. We want to add a full orchestral arrangement along with this! Donkey Kong Country MedleyThis is Laura "Flute Link" Intravia's Donkey Kong Country arrangement being performed in Chile! This recording is only Laura playing (with midi backing tracks). We want to do a FULLY ORCHESTRATED version of this with Laura performing on the EWI (Electronic Wind Instrument). And here's a demo mock-up of the orchestral version! New Zelda Arrangement (demo mock-up)This incredible arrangement is courtesy of the amazing Jillian & Andrew Aversa! Jill's "La La La" vocals are only a scratch track for now. She is hard at work creating relevant lyrics for this piece! Cave Story (demo mock-up) Resident Evil 5 (Wesker's Battle - Winds of Madness) Here is footage and the trailer from our last album and Blu-Ray/DVD (Video Games Live - Level 2) which is ranked in the top 10 of all-time PBS Specials! We hope to be creating another DVD/Blu-Ray as one of our Stretch Goals! We want to film the new Blu-Ray/DVD/motion picture in Latin America during our South American tour this December (Brazil, Chile). The fans in Latin America are VERY loud, VERY excited and VERY passionate about Video Games Live. Here is just a small taste of what it is like at a Video Games Live show in Latin America! WHERE'S THE MONEY GOING?The album will take 3 full studio days to record. An orchestral recording of this nature is based on 3 hour sessions. We will need a total of SIX 3 hour sessions (18 hours total). This cost could range anywhere from $75,000 - $110,000 depending on where the recording is done. Our aim is to keep the budget low and the quality HIGH! A top-of-the-line recording studio (including ALL costs) will be approximately $5,000 per day ($15,000 total). Mixing with a top Hollywood film (& game) audio engineer (one week including studio and assistants) = approximately $25,000. Mastering will take place at the most famous Mastering Studio in Hollywood (Bernie Grundman's) by one of the most highly regarded mastering engineers in the business... Patricia Sullivan. Patricia has personally worked with and mastered films by John Williams (including Star Wars & Indiana Jones films), James Newton Howard, James Horner, Danny Elfman, Hans Zimmer, John Powell and Mark Isham. Mastering budget for this type of project (both 24bit 96KHz & 16bit 48KHz versions) could go upwards to $7,500. Other parts of the budget will include things like, CD manufacturing based on 7,500 initial units (approximately $7,500), Music Licensing/Mechanical Licensing to the Game Publishers, composers, right holders, etc. based on 7,500 initial units ($10,000), Kickstarter & Amazon fees (10% = $15,000), hiring of a PR firm in both North America and Europe ($10,000), Shipping & Handling of goods, added physical products at certain tier levels, etc.Musicians (symphony & choir) = $75,000 - $110,000(Includes all conductor, score supervisor & travel fees)Recording Studio = $15,000Track Recording Editing = $5,000Additional Musicians/Instruments/Studio Time = $5,000Mixing = $25,000Mastering = $7,500CD Manufacturing = $7,500Music Licensing/Publishing/Mechanicals = $10,000Kickstarter/Amazon fees = $15,0007% non-payment from backers = approximately $10,000Project PR (Worldwide) = $10,000Marketing (Facebook, YouTube, etc.) = $5,000Domestic U.S. Shipping & Handling of Rewards = $5,000Physical Reward products (pins, mouse pads, sheet music, etc.) = $5,000Location Rental & Celebration Events = $2,500Chrono Trigger/Chrono Cross piano album creation & recording = $5,000Music copying/printing for new arrangements = $2,500Taxes on Gross money raised (minus Kickstarter/Amazon fees and 7% backer non-payment) = $30,000TOTAL = Approximately $250,000 - $285,000Depending on how much money is raised or still needed, it will be put in by Video Games Live and Tommy Tallarico personally.Video Games Live is not making any money from this project. Our goal is to continue doing what we love and bringing it to the people who care (as well as introducing game music to people who don't!)Video Games Live has produced 3 highly successful and Top 10 Billboard ranked albums in the past as well as a Top 10 worldwide released PBS Special and DVD/Blu-Ray. Tommy Tallarico was the very first video game composer EVER to release a worldwide video game soundtrack album (back in 1994 with Capitol Records) and has composed and produced 12 highly acclaimed albums since. This project will NOT go over budget and WILL be delivered on time! The main idea behind our project is to give back as much as possible to donors by AT LEAST QUADRUPLING THE VALUE of the amount pledged! Here's a handy text based matrix for all the Reward Tiers! For best viewing, please download it from this link: www.videogameslive.com/LEVEL4RewardChart.xls THERE ARE EVEN MORE REWARDS but we can't post them here because they're too big! For premium corporate sponsorship rewards past $10,000, go to http://www.videogameslive.com/index.php?s=kickstarterpremium $300,000 - Add a 13th track to the album. Track would be decided by the fans in a poll.$350,000 - Add a 14th track to the album. Track would be decided by the fans in a poll. $400,000 - Mini documentary and interviews with game composers & designers on the making of the album as well as a behind-the-scenes look filmed during an upcoming Video Games Live tour. Upon funding of this goal, EVERYONE who pledges will get a special and exclusive digital version of this documentary (we ask our fans to please NOT publish this publicly out of respect for the people who backed the project). $750,000 - A live full length feature film and documentary of the music, making-of, interviews with composers/designers, history of game music, etc. to be recorded during the upcoming Video Games Live South America tour taking place in December. If we hit the $750,000 stretch goal then all tiers from $25 and up will receive a digital version of the film and all tiers from $40 and up will include a physical Blu-Ray/DVD combo of the movie!TO BE CLEAR... The VIDEO GAMES LIVE: LEVEL 4 album will be a studio recording and NOT a live recording. The movie on the other hand WILL be a live video recording (and documentary) filmed in South America. Depending on additional funding and stretch goals, we may include a special download album of the live recordings from the film as well. The main goal of Tommy Tallarico (25 year video game composer veteran and creator/producer of Video Games Live™) has always been to prove to the world how culturally significant and artistic video games have become as well as helping to usher in a whole new generation of people to appreciate the arts. Please watch this very informative and important video that will give you incredible insight as to what goes on in creating such an event and the passion behind it (courtesy of Game Informer). The cover of Symphony Magazine! Japanese Video Game Composer Party for Tommy Tallarico in Japan! Check out this amazing party that my Japanese game composer friends had for me in Japan! Incorporated in 2002, Video Games Live™ is the first and most successful video game touring concert in the world having already performed almost 300 shows in 40 countries on 5 continents. Over 1 million people have experienced the show live. Video Games Live™ has previously released 3 albums worldwide (all of which debuted in the Billboard Top 10) as well as an award winning full length feature DVD/Blu-Ray. In 2010 the show aired nationally on PBS and quickly became one of the top rated PBS Specials of all time. Video Games Live™ continues to break new ground and thrill audiences worldwide with brand new content each year. Press Quotes"Captivating! Bombastic!" – NY Times“Beautiful performance!” – USA TODAY“Simply breathtaking!” – IGN.com“Ingenious and fantastic!” – Los Angeles Times“Thrilling!” – The London Times“Incredible! Dramatic!” – BBC News"Video Games Live is a feast for the eyes and ears!” – Seattle Times“A digital and musical sensory overload!” – The Village Voice“Incredibly compelling, powerful and emotional.” – The Washington Post“Brilliant! Infectious! An eclectic mix of the fun, the classical and the grand.” – London Daily Telegraph“Uplifting and exciting!” – Pittsburgh Post-GazetteThe original Video Games Live Hollywood Bowl Launch Trailer Tommy Tallarico is a veritable video game industry icon. As one of the most successful video game composers in history, he has helped revolutionize the gaming world, creating unique audio landscapes that enhance the video gaming experience. He is considered the person most instrumental in changing the game industry from bleeps & bloops to real music now appreciated worldwide by tens of millions of fans. As a well-recognized on-air television personality, live performer and composer, Tommy brings his in-depth knowledge, years of experience, and love of cutting edge multimedia and video games to the masses. Tommy has worked in the gaming industry as a designer, product manager, producer, writer, games tester and heads of both music and video departments.An accomplished musician, Tallarico has been writing music for video games for more than 25 years. He has won over 50 industry awards and has worked on more than 300 game titles; to date, they total sales of more than 100 million units and over four billion dollars in revenue. No one in the history of the video game industry has ever worked on more titles and projects. In 2008, he was enshrined in the Guinness Book of World Records with a two page feature article and interview and currently holds 3 Guinness World Records including the person who has worked on the most commercially released video games. In 2012 during the Game Developers Conference he received a Lifetime Achievement Award and is also in the Smithsonian Institute in Washington D.C. for his contributions to the game industry. In 1994, he founded Tommy Tallarico Studios, the multimedia industry's largest audio production house. Tommy is a cousin of rock star legend Steven Tyler (nee Tallarico) and in 2002 Tallarico’s music was used as the opening song for Aerosmiths' “Girls of Summer” world tour. His top titles include Earthworm Jim, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater, Disney’s Aladdin, Spider-Man and Metroid Prime as well as top selling popular game franchises such as Sonic the Hedgehog, Pac-Man, Madden Football, Mortal Kombat, Time Crisis, Unreal, Lineage, James Bond, Blitz Football, Knockout Kings, Test Drive, Scooby Doo, WWE & Twisted Metal. His score for Advent Rising has been noted as "one of the greatest musical scores of all time" by websites such as Yahoo, Gamespot and others.Tallarico has been featured on numerous national and international television shows, appearing repeatedly on CNN, FOX and MTV. Tommy hosted, wrote and co-produced the top rated and very popular Reviews on the Run/Judgment Day television show as well as the longest running award-winning video game television show, The Electric Playground (www.elecplay.com), which has been on the air since 1997. The show is syndicated worldwide and airs daily in prime-time. The Electric Playground won the 2001 Telly Award for “Best Entertainment Cable Program”. In 2006, Tommy hosted and helped to launch the worldwide Championship Gaming Series for DirecTV. His national television debut came in 1994 when he was featured and asked to guest host ABC's "In Concert" television program which included artists Peter Gabriel and Todd Rundgren. From 1991 to 1994, he headed Virgin Interactive’s music and video division, and executive produced numerous video game green screen shoots for films including “Demolition Man” where he worked with Sylvester Stallone, Wesley Snipes and Hollywood producer Joel Silver.In 2002, Tallarico created the critically acclaimed Video Games Live (www.videogameslive.com), an immersive, audio and video concert experience celebrating video games. Video Games Live features music from the greatest video games performed by top orchestras and choirs around the world combined with synchronized video footage, lasers, lights, special effects, interactivity and live action to create an explosive and unique one-of-a-kind entertainment experience. Video Games Live is the first and most successful video game touring concert in the world having performed over 250 shows in 25 countries on 5 continents. The debut performance was launched on July 6th, 2005 at the world famous Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles with the LA Philharmonic. Over 11,000 people attended making it the biggest video game concert in the world at that time (since then they have performed to over 40,000 people in places like Taiwan and China). Most of the game music played during the initial launch of the show (Halo, Sonic, Warcraft, Tomb Raider, Myst, Kingdom Hearts, Tron, Advent Rising, etc.) had never been performed live anywhere in the world. Since then over 1 million people have experienced the show live. On October 30, 2005 they broke new ground once again by putting on the very first video game concert in Canada (Vancouver). They followed with groundbreaking first ever game concert performances in countries such as Brazil, New Zealand, Spain, Mexico, England, Chile, China, Taiwan, Malaysia, Scotland, Ireland, Portugal, Poland, Wales, United Arab Emirates & France. Video Games Live was also the very first American video game concert to perform in Asia (Korea) and the first non-Japanese game concert to perform in Japan. In 2007 they were recipients of a major industry award in Brazil for "Special Breakthrough Achievement" following their performances in Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo the year before. Also in 2007 they helped to launch the $1.8 billion LA Live Nokia Theatre in downtown Los Angeles and had their national television debut on Spike TV. In 2008 they released the highly anticipated album entitled Video Games Live - Volume One, recorded at the world famous Abbey Road Studios in London, the album debuted at #10 on the Billboard charts. It was the first video game compilation album to ever be released worldwide and won BEST SOUNDTRACK ALBUM awards from IGN.com and the Game Audio Network Guild. In 2010 a 90 minute national PBS Special was aired in over 90 million households across America. A Blu-Ray, DVD and album were released. It was the first time that music from franchises such as Mario, Zelda, Sonic and Megaman were released outside of Japan. The second album (entitled Video Games Live - Level Two) debuted at #8 on the Billboard Charts. With literally 100’s of ticket buyer reviews on Ticketmaster.com, Video Games Live boasts an impressive and outstanding 4.6 (out of 5) rating. There are currently over 100,000 unique videos of Video Games Live performances on YouTube which total over 100 million views. Sponsored and endorsed by some of the top corporations in the world, the Video Games Live concert event continues to tour the world, break new ground and thrill audiences worldwide with brand new content each year.Tallarico was the first musician to release a video game soundtrack worldwide (Tommy Tallarico’s Greatest Hits Vol. 1 – Capitol Records). He has released over ten video game soundtrack albums since, including the highly acclaimed James Bond Tomorrow Never Dies, MDK and award-winning Advent Rising and Earthworm Jim Anthology. Tommy was one of the first musicians to ever use live guitar and 3-D audio in a video game (The Terminator), and was instrumental in bringing true digital interactive multi-channel 5.1 surround to the gaming world. He has performed and sold out shows on the biggest and most prestigious stages in the world including London's Royal Festival Hall and Hammersmith Apollo, the Olympic Park Stadium in Korea, the Kennedy Center in Washington D.C., WolfTrap, Hard Rock Live in Orlando, Pan-Chiao Stadium in Taipei, the Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas and multiple shows at the Hollywood Bowl attended by tens of thousands of fans. In 2004 he performed the grand finale music act on national and worldwide television (E! Entertainment, G4TV) with BT & Mobius 8 for the G-Phoria awards show. In 2007 he performed along with Kid Rock and the Foo Fighters during the nationally televised Spike TV Video Game Awards show.Tommy is the founder, Chairman of the Board and CEO of the Game Audio Network Guild (G.A.N.G.), which is a non-profit organization educating and heightening the awareness of audio for the interactive world (www.audiogang.org). With over 2,500 members representing over 35 countries since its inception in 2002, G.A.N.G. has quickly become known as one of the strongest and best examples of helping the game industry community. Tommy is an Advisory Board member for the Game Developers Conference, a Governor for the National Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences (NARAS/GRAMMY's), a spokesperson for the Entertainment Consumers Association, a proud member of the International Game Developers Association and a nominating peer panel leader for the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences.Born February 18, 1968 and raised in Springfield, Massachusetts, he moved to Southern California on his own at age 21 to pursue a career in entertainment. Homeless with no means of financial support, Tommy was discovered in a music store and started working in the video game industry within 3 days of arriving in California. All 4 of his grandparents came to America from Italy in the early 1900's and instilled a great sense of hard work, compassion, appreciation, passion, dreaming, creativity, sense of accomplishment and love for others that he has carried with him his entire life. Tommy is a proud vegan and has been a spokesperson, supporter and contributor for many animal rights organizations. In his spare time he enjoys nature, photography, traveling, cooking, video games, comic books, backgammon, being a kid and meeting new people. His popular website www.tallarico.com has received over 250 million hits by more than 10 million unique users.Here is the video of Tommy's 2013 TED talk explaining the cultural significance of video games and they're importance as art. Tommy playing Intellivision circa 1982 Risks and challenges We came through successfully with our Kickstarter last year! On time! On Budget! We know what we're doing and have done it many times in the past. Video Games Live has produced 3 highly successful and Top 10 Billboard ranked albums in the past as well as a Top 10 worldwide released award winning PBS Special and DVD/Blu-Ray. Tommy Tallarico was the very first video game composer EVER to release a worldwide video game soundtrack album (back in 1994) and has composed and produced 12 highly acclaimed albums since. This project will NOT go over budget and WILL be delivered on time! Because we have done this same kind of project multiple times in the past, we know exactly what the challenges for this project are (and how to overcome them). The toughest part in doing the project will be to get the game publishers approvals for the project. That being said, Video Games Live was the FIRST in the world to officially perform music from game franchises such as Kingdom Hearts, Halo, Warcraft, Sonic, Myst, Tron, Metal Gear Solid, Tomb Raider, StarCraft, Diablo, Civilization, God of War, Skyrim, BioShock, Mass Effect, Silent Hill, Shadow of the Colossus, Assassin's Creed, Uncharted, Street Fighter, Megaman, Resident Evil, Tetris, Earthworm Jim, Journey, DOTA, Red Dead Redemption, Destiny, Monkey Island, Cave Story and MANY MORE! Video Games Live was also the FIRST to license music and synchronized video for an album and DVD/Blu-Ray release outside of Japan from companies such as Nintendo, Capcom, Sony, Konami and Sega! Video Games Live creator/producer Tommy Tallarico has been in the industry for over 25 years and has worked on over 300 video games (a Guinness World Record!). He has worked with and created games with every major publisher and game developer over the years. This is one of the main reasons why Video Games Live is able to get so many approvals and why it is the only show in the world with so many different games by so many different publishers and developers. As I hoped I proved with the Level 3 Kickstarter... I would NEVER let any of you down! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter