Successfully Funded! ZOMG THE BETA IS UP! Donate now to get in on the action!Sweet beta gameplay action by our very own backers!Cloudberry Kingdom Press!Gamasutra - Indie Game Mag - IGN - Gamezebo - Rock Paper Shotgun - HardcoreGamer - Meristation - NintendoWorldReportSpecial Notice:We have been getting a lot of questions about whether or not you can get a copy of the game for the Wii U. And the new answer is yes!!! Both the regular edition and Special Coder's Edition will be available. (We are no longer able to edit our reward descriptions)After the project is successfully funded, a survey will be sent out to all backers to determine which is the preferred platform for their copy of the game.______________________________________________________________What is Cloudberry Kingdom? Cloudberry Kingdom is a randomly generated side-scrolling platformer with the ability to cater to your desired level of difficulty through use of a level-designing AI. This AI is capable of building a platformer level, ensuring that it is possible, and obeying our specifications to make sure that it is challenging and fun in general <you can read about the technical details of the AI here>. We have used this AI to create a platformer of epic proportions! Seriously, it’s huge, like, infinite levels huge. Features Some of the odds and ends that will be making it into Cloudberry Kingdom are listed here. If you can think of something else that sounds cool, message us or put up a comment! HUGE campaign! Infinite Levels! Arcade Mode! Leaderboards! Custom Level Builder! Ability to share levels and challenge friends! 10+ heroes all with unique physics! “Hero Factory”! Design and customize the physics of your hero and have new levels created specifically for that hero! An AI that is able to adjust the difficulty of the game based upon how you play! Bungee Mode! Compiled replays of all attempts combined! Make your own Campaign! Others can challenge you to your own saved levels! Customizable Characters! Facial Expressions! Costumes! HATS! Who is Pwnee Studios? Pwnee Studios is an independent video game developer based in East Village, NY. Although we are huge fans of games in general, we were groomed at a young age toabsolutely love platformers. Mario, Megaman, Sonic, Contra, Meatboy, IWBTG. The list goes on but our appetite goes on even longer. Whenever we beat a platformer there's always a bittersweet sigh, like Alexander after conquering the known world. We want more. No, not just more. We want an endless platformer, with endless pixel perfect jumps, and an endless quantity of awesome levels designed just for us, to quench our thirst whenever it consumes us. We want an endless conquest that we can lay waste to until the end of times. So what’s different about this platformer? Have you ever played a platformer with random levels? We hadn’t either…at least not a good one. Thus, we set out on our perilous journey, to make a platformer as fun as Mario, that would last us forever! That’s right, forever. This platformer has infinite levels, and multiple heroes for whom the levels are randomly designed, oh yeah, we also have a hero factory, where you can specify the physics of your own hero to have the AI make even more levels! We took our initial infinity, and made it infinitier!A Redone Castle Background: The AI Three years ago we set out on a quest to design the platformer to end all platformers. We started off by constructing an artificial intelligence capable of designing levels on demand, suitable for any difficulty level and built to any specification. The construction was an arduous task. We had to teach the AI everything we knew about level design: flow, spacing, rhythm, player expectation. Then we had to guarantee that everything the AI constructed was possible to beat and suitable for the right skill level. We wanted the AI to be able to make levels for all players, from the casual to the most gosu hardcore, so that everyone could have access to the infinite bounty. Flash forward 3 years and we've finally finished training the AI to do our bidding. It makes awesome levels. (If you watch that video we feel compelled to tell you: the game really isn't as hard as that video looks, we just wanted to show off the more visually insane levels). This AI works by first taking into account the physics of the hero, then determining the abilities of the player based upon past experience. It will create a random level that will not only make use of the hero’s physics, but cater to a difficulty appropriate for the player. The difficulty is based on a number of factors, some of the more obvious being the number of obstacles and the amount of room a player has to maneuver around to successfully complete the level.Screenshots of different difficulties:Easy: Unpleasant:Abusive:Hardcore:Masochistic:Why do we need help? We have thrown everything we have into making this beast of an AI, and not only did it steal our souls, it stole our money. This led to a pretty fun game, with pretty terrible art. Then we got an artist, and came its current state. Now, we’re looking to take the final plunge into making a game that feels like the real deal, smooth animations, great graphics, and some really sexy cut-scenes! How will the money be used?What will we do with the funds, exactly, to make this insanity become reality? We'll hire a full time artist to make the game shine in all its glory. We'll find an animator to help polish the game and make some awesome cinematics. We promise the cinematics will be less ridiculous than our Kickstarter video. If any money is left over we will probably upgrade our programmer's diet regime from cat food to human food. Maybe. If the project gets over funded then we will go really crazy. The AI gets more powerful the more obstacles we design for the game. Every time we add a new obstacle the AI quickly learns how to use it and then can immediately start designing levels with it, combining it with any of the other obstacles already in the game. The same is true for heroes. We can design new heroes, with totally new physics and controls, and the AI will figure out how to design levels specifically for that hero. This leads to an awesome combinatorial explosion of insane potential, and the more funding we get the more material we can give to the AI to make really unique levels and a truly awesome experience.Help us, help you.So what are you waiting for? Help us make the most replayable game in the history of replayability. A year from now you will be cursing our name as your sanity slow slips away from a million hours playing our endless platformer. To infinity! (But not beyond. That would be ridiculous. You'll never get to the end of infinity to start with.)