Just what IS the DigiBadge?The DigiBadge is a 1.8" LDC screen with a small Arduino-powered board piggybacking on it. A single AAA battery on the back of the board provides power (Note: Some of the rewards say 9v battery. That's from the original design).The initial impetus for the design came fromthese wonderful color communication badges from last year's BronyCon. A nice, easy way to see how friendly people were feeling. After fiddling around with various Arduino boards, I decided to see if I could make a digital version. The answer to that question is, obviously, "Yes."Alright, but I have no interest in conventions. Why would I want it?There's far more to the DigiBadge than the basic color badge. It's powered by an ATMega 168/328 microcontroller (Depending on which one you get), which will be pre-loaded with the Arduino bootloader. This means that you'll be able to reprogram the chip to do pretty much anything an Arduino could do. There's some more technical information down below.I'm a Con-Goer and don't want to re-program the badge. What does it do?The DigiBadge has two buttons. One button switches between three states: "Talk to me!" green, "Do I know you?" yellow, and "Not right now." red. The second button adjusts the brightness of the screen. It's an easy switch between the states.You mentioned Technical Information...Yep, that I have in spades.The Basic DigiBadge is powered by an ATMega168 Microcontroller, and utilizes a 1.8" TFT LCD screen, with a convenient SD card slot. All components are permanently soldered onto the board.The Hacker's Board makes some slight changes: The LCD screen is attached via headers, allowing it to be removed. The ATMega168 has been replaced by an ATMega328 (Commonly found in the Arduino Uno), and the microprocessor is mounted in a socket, allowing its removal as well.Both versions of the chip use the same circuit board, which breaks out Digital Pins 0-5 and Analog Pins 0-5 (Using Arduino pin numbering), along with the three SPI pins - SCK/Clock, MISO, and MOSI (Digital pins 13, 12, and 11 respectively). Digital Pins 6-10 are used by the SD card and/or LCD, and are not broken out. An FTDI header has been broken out as well, and will need an FTDI converter to program the board with.For power, they run on a 3.3v power source, with a converter that can take between 0.5v and 5v. This means you'll have to take the battery out when reprogramming, but as long as it's plugged into the FTDI it'll be powered for testing. For other hardware, there's two built-in buttons, connected to Digital Pins 4 and 5. A power switch turns the device completely off for when it's not in use.That's a lot to read. Can't you just sum it up for me?Sure!For a normal con-goer, the DigiBadge is a display that can show any one of the three Color Communication Badges. It's shiny and fancy and looks cool.For more ambitious and technical-minded folk, the DigiBadge is a lightweight Arduino with a 1.8" TFT LCD attached. The "Hacker Version" has more power, allowing for more cool things to be done.I'm interested. Can you show a real one to me?Yes and no. Above, you can see the Printed Circuit Board layout for what I hope is the final product. I haven't yet ordered them, as I'm still double-checking things, making sure I have everything working right, etc. I'm also waiting on the screens that PCB is based around, to ensure I have all my measurements correct.However, I have made some prototypes that show off the capabilities. Here's some images from the first prototype, using a different version of the screen and an Arduino Pro Mini: Talk to me! Do I know you? Not Right Now The pictures are a little washed out, especially the red, but it shows you the size of the badge. The PCB above will piggyback onto a board only a little larger than the screen there!Why don't you include a battery and just increase the cost?Batteries are hazardous materials, and I don't want to worry about shipping them. They're also easy to get and inexpensive. Risks and challenges There are almost innumerable things that can go wrong on a project such as this, but thankfully the things are fairly cheap. Cheap enough, in fact, to allow for some flex space. Just $750 is enough for 50 boards with spare parts and spare pcbs for plenty more. If one doesn't work, I can set it aside and get another one. As far as assembly goes - I like to say I'm decently good at soldering, so I think I can assemble these things fairly quickly. That being said, I'm not going to allow myself to get out of my depth, hence the limit on the BronyCon badges. If this thing somehow explodes, I've set myself enough time for the other badges that I can take plenty of time and hopefully get them done on schedule. If things do get behind schedule, I'll let everyone know. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter