Find your misplaced keys and phone in seconds.No one plans on losing things. It just happens. The average person spends two full days per year looking for their misplaced phone. Add on time spent looking for keys... Thats a lot of time!Thankfully, you don't have to rely on yourself anymore. With the new Pebblebee Finder - the longest lasting bluetooth tracker - you can't lose! You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 FINDERS KEEPERS LOSERS WEEPERS. The Finder utilizes a surgical grade stainless steel ring to provide a classy look with durability second to none. The loud beeping alert and flashing red LED light allows you to quickly track and find your important items. IN A CLASS OF ITS OWN. From the get-go we knew we wanted a sleek, sexy design that was pleasing to the eye and felt great in the hands. It was important that our Finder looked as if it was meant to be there. Perfect for his keys, suitcase, or anything in-between. Perfect for her purse, camera, or any other valuables. Perfect for keeping your irreplaceables traceable. SIMPLICITY AT ITS BEST. The Pebblebee® Finder and our new app are so easy to use. Open the app, press Find and instantly find your valuables. Or, squeeze the Finder to ring your phone even if it's on silent mode. Lost is found. The Pebblebee® Finder may be small but its speaker gives off a loud alarm that can be heard up to 200 feet away at 85 decibels! LEADING THE WAY. Our new technology gave us the ability to stretch tracking capabilities up to the 200 foot mark. THE MOMENT OF REALIZATION. The feeling that hits you when you realize you've left your keys or other valuable items behind in a public place causes that quick spike in adrenaline we have all felt. With the Pebblebee® Finder it's a calm storm as you pull out your phone, open the proximity map and see where they were last recorded. Now go get those "lost" but not so "lost" items and continue on with your bar hopping extravaganza! THE BUILD. There were absolutely ZERO corners cut with these bad boys. The attention to details is what separates our brand new Bluetooth tracking device from all the others. Little details like a replaceable battery, high grade stainless steel protection, and increased tracking distances take the Pebblebee® Finder to a league of its own! Don't be selfish! Grab one for a friend or spouse as well while the discounts are alive. These prices are discounted Kickstarter prices and will adjust to our full retail pricing after the campaign is over. As you bump up each tier, your savings increase. If you decide to get a bunch of birthday or Christmas gifts out of the way and grab our 10 pack, you will save a whopping total of $65.00. The perfect gift for any special occasion! It's not too early to get some Christmas shopping done! Save $6.50 each when you order our 10 pack! That's a savings of $65.00! Pick any color combinations. MEET THE TEAM. Nick and Dan were the Lead Engineers at Boeing upgrading wireless communication of commercial jets for the military. When BLE 4.0 (Bluetooth low-energy) came out, they saw a new application for the technology—both their toddlers delighted in playing hide and seek with their parents’ belongings, wreaking havoc. Nick and Dan found a solution and made one of the world’s first Bluetooth item trackers in 2013. Three years later and here we are with an agile and experienced professional engineering firm filled with mechanical engineers and software developers. Pebblebee® has now perfected the Bluetooth tracking experience and is ready to launch our Finder into the world. The durablility, connectivity, ease of use and build quality of the new Finder is second to none. Dan Daoura - CEONick Pearson-Franks - CTOGabe Rowe - CIOJT Rantaniitty - Marketing AdvisorCharles Harris - VP MarketingTHE LAB. This is where the magic happens. This is where our ideas and technology are born. Our state-of-the-art electronic testing equipment allows us to perform some serious and intense R&D on our technology products. The new Pebblebee® Finder may be small but it's packed with amazing features that were created in our very own lab. This project is promoted by Jellop, a direct­ response online advertising agency specializing in Kickstarter campaigns on Facebook Ads and Google AdWords. Risks and challenges Manufacturing a physical product can be a tough journey. One of the most important factors is the relationship with the supplier. Luckily, we have built a trusting relationship with a high quality manufacturer founded on transparency and open communication. Even with working prototypes in our hands that have passed quality inspections and contracts in place with our manufacturer ready to go, there's always a possibility of something going unplanned. Because of this, we've added buffers in our timeline to embrace the unexpected and allow us to deliver your product on time. Our goal is to make the highest quality product on the market, and we will work non-stop to deliver the product on time and be transparent from start to finish. Please reach out to us anytime with questions, thoughts, or ideas at support@pebblebee.com or through the comments. Thank you! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter