Introducing blulok®: The world’s first high-security alarmed bicycle lock offering Bluetooth control of customized alarm settings that sends alerts straight to your smartphone. High-security means strong. Really strong. When’s the last time you saw a truly new and innovative bicycle lock? More to the point, how about a new, innovative and actually effective lock designed to prevent your bike from being stolen? Attaches to frame quickly and easily... Otto approves. blulok® is the first bicycle lock to combine a high-security lock with an accelerometer-controlled 120dB alarm, plus alerts and performance functions controlled by a proprietary iOS/Android smartphone app. CORE FEATURES Alerts sent straight to your smartphone Turn ON/OFF your motion-sensitive 120dB alarm Monitor when and how often the alarm is triggered Set Volume and Sensitivity according to your security scenario Check battery levels and monitor service. Sends alerts straight to your smartphone! Get alerts straight to your smartphone blulok® is a revolutionary bicycle security solution with a difference: a high-security lock with a customizable Bluetooth-controlled electronic alarm and a full set of high-performance features built right in. We at NowDiscoverable Design have engineered blulok to leverage our years of experience in the motorized two-wheeler security market (that's motorcycles and scooters). As you can see from the image above, all the moving locking parts (the key barrel, the locking pins) and all electronic parts (the sensors, alarm, battery and Bluetooth module) are housed in a removable, serviceable high-security key & barrel unit. Everything else is high-grade steel. A Kickstarter campaign kicks off today to fund the end-stage development process of the blulok project. The lock, 120dB motion-sensitive alarm and Bluetooth-enabled app and module are already in prototype stage. We need to finalize tooling, calibrate the strength to weight ratio and set up industrial production. We invite you to participate in this exciting project and start saving bicycles from the clutches of thieves, one Strong, Smart, Social lock at a time. Thanks! Risks and challenges Risks & challenges of adding Bluetooth-controlled electronics in a bicycle lock that must function reliably in all weather conditions and sustain and withstand violent attack: Slick-looking lock! What happens if someone whacks it with a hammer? With the internet of things shifting from science fiction to everyday life, there has been no shortage of new entrants to the "smart lock" market. All claim to miraculously transform your smartphone into a security hub. But while fitting a door with keyless entry offers one set of challenges, no one has adequately addressed the unique problem of how to incorporate Bluetooth-ready functionality – lock, alarm, alerts – to meet the day-to-day conditions faced by a bicycle lock tasked with protecting bicycles out in the wild. The greatest challenge is balancing the kind of functionality we can place inside a bicycle lock with the strength to weight ratio needed to withstand good old-fashioned brute force attack: sawing, freeze-spray, crowbar wedging, blunt force, drilling and more. That's why we started with a high-security all-steel lock and worked towards putting Bluetooth-controlled functionality onboard, but the other way around. The biggest challenge facing blulok in our ongoing product development will be to expanded that functionality while maintaining our first line of defence: a hell of a strong lock suited to daily use with your bicycle. Without that up front, it's really just a toy, right? Get a lock that's more than just a toy? Get a blulok®! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter