In 2014, The Evansville Transit Authority celebrated their twelfth year as a band by entering a recording studio in Middlesex, Vermont and making their first ever album of original material. With the help of engineer/producer Bennett Shapiro, the group was able to capture their many influences and interests on tape, and the eleven resulting tracks showcased a band coming into its own artistically.Now, ETA guitarist/vocalist Kyle Chadburn is ready to enter the studio as a solo artist, this time with the experience of making a record under his belt and a brilliant team of musicians to provide support. A wealth of songs are ready, and a cohesive vision of how the material will be executed is clear. Whereas ETA's debut album is a testament to the band's versatility in many genres of music, the material for Kyle's solo effort is more focused and consistent, exemplifying the songwriter's continued artistic growth and identifiable sound.The album will undoubtedly be a labor of love and a project that will requireimmense commitment, dedication, and focus from Kyle, his engineer/producer Colin McCaffrey, and the other musicians involved, including Gary Matthews, Brett Hoffman, Bill Prue, and Chris Doncaster, to name a few. Colin's studio, The Green Room, is the perfect place to execute such a challenge! All the parties involved are ready, and now the only thing standing in their way is the financial burden that recording a fully realized album entails. Therefore, they are hoping to enlist the help of their always dedicated and supportive fans, friends, and family to help make this album a reality. Thanks to your continued encouragement, kindness, and inspiration, they have confidently continued to express themselves through writing and music, but they need you now more than ever!Please donate what you can, and enjoy the gifts that are offered as a small token of thanks for your generosity. At level one, for only $15, you can receive a signed copy of the new album as soon as it is ready for release and before it is available to the general public. Consider it like pre-ordering the album, as you would any other album online, but you're doing it before the album is even made! At higher levels, gifts of thanks will include other items along with the album to help thank you for your support.Kyle and his band are truly looking forward to making this recording process something extra special, and they can't wait to share the end product with you! Thanks so much for considering funding of this project! Risks and challenges This project will be fulfilled once started. If financial restraints cause a delay, the band is prepared to raise funds from other sources as well. As working musicians, they have access to other outlets to raise funds, but none are as rewarding as working with their fans through a process like Kickstarter! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter