Among the goals of Omaha Symphonic Winds is the commissioning of new pieces to add to the concert band repertoire. OSW performed two premieres in 2012, and will present 2 world premieres this October.Recently, OSW commissioned Nebraska-based composer Keith Michael Davis to write a new work for us. Keith studied French horn and composition at the University of Missouri-Kansas City. He is an accomplished composer, and has received 9 previous commissions for band compositions from public schools, the University of Nebraska at Omaha, and the Nebraska Wind Symphony.I was particularly taken with Keith's Aubade for solo oboe and wind ensemble. He successfully captured the French Impressionist style of composition for this haunting piece. In discussing a new major length piece for OSW and my admiration of Aubade, Keith sought a subject that would lend itself to impressionism.Keith chose Jules Verne's novel 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea as the subject of his piece called Nautilus. The scenes include: I. Prologue: Submarine Menace, II. Mobilis in Mobile, III. The Sunken Continent, IV. Squid Attack, V. Coral Reef Burial, VI. Into the Maelstrom, VII. Epilogue: The Mysterious End of Nemo. Keith has already written about 5 minutes of the planned 12 minute work. The world premiere of Nautilus will be given in May 2014 in Omaha, Nebraska.Keith's fee for composing "Nautilus" is $3,000. This is a large expense for a young ensemble such as OSW, so we invite you to join with us to help bring this piece to life. Please select one of the reward packages listed on the right, and pledge your donation to this worthy project.Thanks for promoting the creation of new musc! Risks and challenges The challenges that face us are that Nautilus won't be completed in time for us to perform the premiere in May, 2014. However, we have great confidence in Keith Davis, because he has successfully delivered on previous commissions. Should the piece not be finished in time, we will schedule the premiere for October, 2014, our next concert date. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter