Update #5: New Rewards! Buying Multiple Copies!We've added a new $15 DIGITAL DETECTIVE reward, and the ability to buy multiple copies of the game!Update #4: Windows/Mac OS X/Linux versions now part of the main goal!We've decided to merge our stretch goal of Windows/Mac OS X versions into the main goal, and we're now supporting Linux too! That means that if the $25,000 goal is met, these versions will definitely be made and released!Anyone who pledges/has already pledged enough to get the game ($4+) will be able to choose their version from all 5 platforms: Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, iOS or Android!Update #2-3: Play the Demo!CLICK HERE TO PLAY THE DEMO!Update #1: No longer relevant, see #4Original StoryGrimoire is called to a mysterious tourist attraction in the middle of a swamp... As he prepares to use all his skills to solve a murder mystery, one problem arises - the main suspect... is a mythical creature that might not even exist!It's your job to hunt for clues, interrogate the suspects, solve puzzles along the way and uncover the secret of the swamp... The gameplay is a little like Phoenix Wright, a little like Professor Layton, but with a focus on solving a mystery! Available for iPad, iPhone, Android Tablets and Android phones! Now also available for Windows, Mac and Linux! The game has been in development for over a year and a half now, and the finish line is in sight! We need your help for the final push though, as we've been self-funded for the duration of the project. Firstly, we want to pay our voice actors for their amazing work, and to fund the final few months of development. Just $4 or more will mean you've pre-ordered the game!With your help, we can make it! It's all too true that putting the finishing touches on a game is one of the hardest and most intensive parts of making one, but we're determined to make this game the absolute best game it can be. Your pledges will help us push it just that little extra bit from 'good enough' to being really and truly complete. Who Are We?Our team is pretty small. There's us, brothers Adam and Tom Vian, the lead artist and sole developer respectively. Then there's Catherine Unger, the second artist, Raphael Benjamin Meyer our composer, and the game is voiced by a team of 7 voice actors: Arin 'Egoraptor' Hanson, Josh 'Tomamoto' Tomar, Faye 'Princess Aura' Mata, Kimlinh Tran, Amber Lee Connors, Michael Patterson and our star, Edwyn Tiong! Yep, more voice actors than developers... Since 2002, we've been known as The Super Flash Bros. I blame Sakurai. That's been great for the 26 games we've made together (like Haunt the House, The Arrow of Time and Blue Rabbit's Climate Chaos), the 12 games we've made with others (including Help the Hero, Monster Bark and My Almost Famous Family) and the 26 animated shorts Adam has produced (such as The Decline of Video Gaming series and the Another Day series). Recently though, we decided to change that slightly to become SFB Games! Catherine Unger is a talented artist, designer and animator - and a good friend of SFB Games! She brings the swamp to life by providing all the background art for the game, as well as helping with development decisions along the way. Arin 'Egoraptor' Hanson is known for his many popular creations such as the Sequelitis series, the Awesome Series and GirlChan in Paradise. His work with SFB Games goes all the way back to the Decline series!Josh 'Tomamoto' Tomar is known for voicing many online cartoons and games - and more recently, the announcer in Skullgirls!Faye 'Princess Aura' Mata is known for voicing Lulu in League of Legends and appearing in WCG Ultimate Gamer. She's also been in many SFB Games in the past!Kimlinh 'Hnilmik' Tran is known for voicing many videogame and cartoon characters including Ms. Fortune in Skullgirls and a character in Dust: An Elysian Tale.Amber Lee Connors is known for voicing Ginger in Dust: An Elysian Tale and Death Metal Rhapsody in Heroes of Newerth.Michael 'Musical Mike' Patterson is known for the Whachow podcast but is a relative newcomer to voice acting in games.Edwyn "Omahdon" Tiong voices Detective Grimoire himself, and is known for playing many characters in games including Trapped, Dust: An Elysian Tale, The Journey Down and Dungeonland. We found an amazing composer for this game: Raphael Benjamin Meyer. Based in Switzerland, Raphael has his own studio, "Nautilus", where he composes, records and mixes soundtracks for film, TV and games.The Rewards! The game runs on the following iOS devices: iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPod Touch 3G, iPod Touch 4G, iPad, iPad 2 and iPad 3. It'll also run on most Android phones and tablets with Android 2.3 or higher. Windows, Mac and Linux minimum specs are still to be decided. The soundtrack includes all 10 tracks from the game, specially composed by Raphael Benjamin Meyer. Some of it can be heard in the video at the top of the page! The digital version will be available for download as FLAC and mp3 files. There are 8 different t-shirt designs, each available in either black or white. Click the image above for a closer look! A set of stickers, postcards and posters featuring exclusive art and art from the game! A collection of concept art and finished game art laid out side by side in book form! Our friend Leanne has lovingly crafted a set of plushies based on characters from the game! She makes each one herself by hand, which is why we've limited the available number! Adam will draw you, your friend, your family member or even your pet in the art style of Detective Grimoire! We'll then send you a high quality digital copy, and a nicely printed copy in the mail!