What is a MovieMask?In one sentence: In one clip: You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 In three steps: According to some of our 800 users: In a gif: I watch movies all the time. Why MovieMask?There are many ways of watching movies and TV shows. In an untethered world where our mobile devices allow us to be access any content anywhere smartphones are becoming the preferred way to stream movies and shows. While smartphone displays are improving all the time they won’t give you the same immersive feeling as you get in a movie theatre. With MovieMask you can now use your smartphone to get the cinema experience at home on the sofa, in the park, at the bus, while flying. There is something unique about the experience you get from the MovieMask and its awesome portability and ease of use. Take a look here: We have worked tirelessly to make this product a reality, and after enjoying the MovieMask ourselves while experiencing the masterpieces of Quentin Tarantino, Peter Jackson and Christopher Nolan, we now want to share our invention with the world. MovieMask looks like something I've seen before. What's the difference?First of all, we admit that we look quite similar to VR headsets: A mask you can put your smartphone in and wear on your head. But it stops there. Even though the Virtual Reality is great, we are different. MovieMask gives you the classic 2D cinema experience. Put your phone in the mask, and our custom designed optical lenses makes it look like you are watching the film in a movie theatre. Thus, we are not like the existing VR glasses; we keep it simple, we are compatible with all smartphones and you can use any streaming or movie app you’d like. Furthermore, our lenses makes it super comfortable for the eyes - despite the short distance to the screen. We have created MovieMask with four goals in mind: To achieve this goal, we have asked opticians, material scientists and cinema directors how we can give a person an awesome cinema experience in a portable device. People with small faces, big faces and even a 93 year old woman have tested the comfort of the MovieMask. We have given over 800 people a MovieMask. Some people we gave the MovieMask in one hand, a phone with a running movie in the other, and clocked the time it took before we saw their smile on their face. We have listened to all their thoughts and feedback, and the results have given us MovieMask. MovieMask's has a pitch dark lining combined with special optical lenses that compensate for your eyes and gives the illusion of sitting in front of a large screen from a distance. All phones up to 5,2" is supported with our spring-loaded phone mount. Our double zippers with a soft protective lining gives you the option to let out the cables of your AUX-headphones or your charger anywhere. Otherwise you can use bluetooth headsets or just use the chamber of the MovieMask as an amplifier of the speakers! Who are you guys? We are all from Norway. A country far north in Europe that stretches well into the the polar circle. With five million inhabitants who's forefathers left the fertile hills of Tuscany and Provence when the Ice Age ended, to follow the ice to a place where it was no longer possible to grow wine grapes and fresh basil. We Norwegians like to think of ourselves as a kind but reserved people. We're also very fond of a clean, simple design like our fellow Scandinavians, which probably have led to MovieMask having no buttons, no wires and a simple one-page manual.We're really motivated for make MovieMask an international success. So motivated that we have decided to give up studying for a while, to be able to focus on MovieMask full-time. The experiences as entrepreneurs we've had so far has been really exciting to us. Here is our journey the last eight months: Production philosophyTo design MovieMask, we started off by buying and reengineering nine Virtual Reality-glasses to find out what we could use, improve and avoid.We were however not agreeing with the design expression that the vast majority of VR-glasses has. They are usually in black or white plastic, giving them a cold, techy feeling. The have buttons, gears, screws, holes, conjunctions, air ducts, wheels and even lights. We wanted to make a product that can proudly be placed on your Bang & Olufsen sound system or be accepted in your off-the-grid family cabin. This resulted in our strategy of making a MovieMask covered in a rigid, rough fabric with a beautiful texture. "Soft touch"-coating of our plastic component gives the skin soft surfaces to touch. A thick, low-density foam covered by PU-material that hugs the face more than attacking it. The soft, black lining of the MovieMask gives you the feeling of being inside a cinema.The thermoformed EVA-part of the MovieMask needs to be hand cut to make the curve for your nose, your forehead and your chin. The lenses needed half a year of testing and studying with opticians and material engineers, before we landed on a design that is optimized for giving the users the perception of sitting in front of a 100" screen from about 3 meters.Where we are in the process? Developing MovieMask has been a fantastic journey. Even with enormous prototypes with bad optics, our test users saw the potential. Our user feedback allowed us to get soft funding from the Norwegian government which we used to travel to Shenzhen, China to start the test production. Our investors has made it possible for us to start production of injection molds and thus being very close to a golden master we can start production with. Our american sourcing partner from Berkeley, California will perform the Quality Control of the product. In the Kickstarter-period the team will work on reducing the cost of the processes connected to assembling the MovieMask and define the thresholds for our production control. The team consists of students in economy, mechanical engineering, computer engineering and marketing. We are confident that if your help us create the demand for this product, we will deliver.From the beginning our core values has been positive, humble, open minded and drive. We've been focusing on being a value-driven company that sees all its decisions through the "glasses" of our core-values. So far it has taken us on a fantastic journey and we hope you will join us for the next big step.Our producer wants at least an order of 200 products to start the production, and thus we have set the funding goal of NOK 100.000 to reach this number.A special thanks to everyone who has helped us on our way! Thank you for reading about our project. Risks and challenges The team is fully devoted to making MovieMask a success, but we are of course aware that there are risk connected with creating something completely new. Even though we have a functional prototype now with close to finished aesthetics, our american Quality Control-partner has not yet finished their report on the MovieMask. If they require different processes in the manufacturing that our production partner offers, this could lead to delay or, worst case scenario, the MovieMask as of today is not fit for mass-production. We have also heard and spoken with Kickstarter-campaigns that were more successful than our funding goal, reached them, but still got troubles due to the logistics. From our interviews, this includes unreliable business partners, miscalculating costs and setting ut a distribution system that is not fit for the scale of the demand. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter