Sodium is a story about brothers, control, recklessness, and the precious, everlasting kinship beneath all that blood pressure. Marty & Julian - a character sketch Check out our Director Of Photography's reel: Script reading with the lead actors Meeting our funding goal is mandatory for this film to happen! Be sure to like, share, and stay posted with SODIUM on Facebook - http://www.facebook.com/sodium.movie .Our budget is at the minimum necessary to get it done at a high standard of quality. Any additional funds raised will go straight to pumping up the cinematic experience of this film, even more. Thank you, sincerely, for your support. It's a pleasure to have you involved! Risks and challenges In order to get this film made on a shoe string budget, we have recruited only the hardest working individuals. However, talented help that will work for free is hard to find, and we simply don't have the luxury of throwing money at the issue to hire a large crew. Much is being asked of those involved, and our biggest challenge will be in the multi-tasking and long hours necessary to do this project justice. The good news is that we are all very passionate about this film, and the cast/crew are a tightly knit group of friends and business partners, that have all insisted that every dollar raised go to the production of the movie, rather than their wallets. We will continue to work hard until it's done, and done well. Your support, excitement, and involvement will help carry us through, as well as our unflinching focus on the quality of the final product. We also have high hopes for our '65 Lincoln Continental! This is a very rare automobile, and apparently the trunk motor and engine tend to break down regularly on the one we found, but hey, she looks like a million bucks, and rest assured we have a few tricks up our sleeve to keep 'er on the road. You can check out Ben Cornelius' professional portfolio at http://www.bcvid.com ...and follow our progress on Facebook! http://www.facebook.com/sodium.movie Learn about accountability on Kickstarter