About UsMy name is Matt. I grew up in the small industrial town of Holyoke, Massachusetts. My friends and I are on a quest to fulfill the lifelong dream of ours, of not only developing the now abandoned paper mills, in the once biggest paper manufacturing city in the world, but opening our own Restaurant/ Brew pub. This became more than a dream, and now is blossoming into a reality with more business experience and years behind us.Our Business ModelCompanied with the new high-tech computing center (that is right across the street from our prospective mill) we hope to liven the economy of Holyoke, and in doing so use one of the old buildings, instead of letting it sit derelict any longer.Our main idea is to make a brewery with a local and historic twist to it. Use the infrastructure that we already have at our fingertips, for something other than just taking up space. However, this will not just be a brew pub. With this much space, we will include a bar area, a brewing area, a banquet hall, and a general restaurant area. This will make it more of a family place as well, and greatly increase business. Area surrounding the mill Why Holyoke?Holyoke not only has a great canal system that can provide cheap energy, but is a very tight knit community. Connections are easy to find, and are a necessity when trying to refurbish an entire building and start a business. Interesting fact about holyoke- the economic possibilities here were seen as so great back in the days of paper manufacturing that Holyoke became one of the first planned industrial cities in the world! Perspective mill from across the canal, we know it needs some work…That's where you come in! Ireland Parish? What's that mean?Back in the mid 1600s, before Holyoke was officially founded, it was the third parish of the West Springfield land, commonly known as Ireland Parish, due to its large Irish population. In the spirit of history we want to keep this heritage alive! Fun Holyoke fact- Holyoke is home to the second largest St. Patricks day parade in the world, but if you ask anyone from here, it's the largest. Holyoke's HistoryThe Connecticut River Valley was first inhabited by Englishmen in 1633 — a post was established at Windsor, Connecticut by traders from the Plymouth Plantation. In 1636, Massachusetts Bay Colony assistant treasurer and Puritan, William Pynchon, led a group of settlers from Roxbury, Massachusetts to establish Springfield on land that scouts had vetted the previous year. They considered it the most advantageous land in the Connecticut River Valley for farming and trading. This settlement, on fertile farmland just north of the Connecticut River's first major falls, the place where ships had to transfer their cargo into smaller shallops to continue northward on the Connecticut River, quickly became a successful settlement — largely due to its advantageous position on the Bay Path to Boston, the Massachusetts Path to Albany, all beside the Connecticut River. Originally, Springfield spanned both sides of the Connecticut River; the region was eventually partitioned. The land on the western bank of the Connecticut River became West Springfield, Massachusetts. West Springfield's northernmost parish (alternately called Third Parish, North Parish, or Ireland Parish) became Holyoke, named after earlier Springfield settler William Pynchon's son-in-law, Elizur Holyoke, who had first explored the area in the 1650s. The village of Holyoke was first settled in 1745 and was officially incorporated in 1850.The first post office in the area was called Ireland. It was established June 3, 1822, with Martin Chapin as first postmaster. It was discontinued in 1883. Another post office called Ireland Depot was established February 26, 1847, with John M. Chapin as first postmaster and had its name changed to Holyoke (with George Whittle as first postmaster) March 14, 1850.A part of Northampton known as Smith's Ferry was separated from the rest of the town by the creation of Easthampton in 1809. The shortest path to downtown Northampton was on a road near the Connecticut River oxbow, which was subject to frequent flooding. The neighborhood became the northern part of Holyoke in 1909. Holyoke had few inhabitants until the construction of a dam and the Holyoke Canal System in 1849 and the subsequent construction of water-powered mills, particularly paper mills. At one point over 25 paper mills were in operation in the city; the population rose from just under 5,000 in 1860 to over 60,000 in 1920. In 1888, Holyoke's paper industry spurred the foundation of the American Pad & Paper Company, which as of 2007 is one of the largest suppliers of office products in the world. The availability of water power enabled Holyoke to support its own electric utility company and maintain it independently of America's major regional electric companies. This made the city a rare unaffected area in the Northeast blackout of 1965.Planned industrial community Holyoke was one of the first planned industrial communities in the United States. Holyoke features rectilinear street grids — a novelty in New England. This street hierarchy is seen as a potential economic development tool as it lends well to high-rise buildings, and the surrounding canals could be landscaped into a source of recreation and relaxation. Its grid pattern is notable in Western Massachusetts, where few roads are straight. The city's advantageous location on the Connecticut River — the largest river in New England, attracted the Boston Associates, who had successfully developed Lowell, Massachusetts' textile industry. From the late 19th century until the mid-20th century, Holyoke was the world's biggest paper manufacturer. The elaborate Holyoke Canal System, built to power paper and textile mills, distinguishes it from other Connecticut River cities. Holyoke is nicknamed 'The Paper City' due to its fame as the world's greatest paper producer,Holyoke is the location of East Mountain, the Mount Tom Range, and Mount Tom, 1202 feet, the highest traprock peak on the Metacomet Ridge, a linear mountain range that extends from Long Island Sound to the Vermont border. Mount Tom is characterized by its high cliffs, sweeping vistas, and microclimate ecosystems. The 110-mile Metacomet-Monadnock Trail traverses the Mount Tom Range and East Mountain. In recent years there have been successful efforts to attract high-tech jobs to Holyoke and diversify its economic base. For example, a coalition of universities and tech companies are building the Massachusetts Green High Performance Computing Center, an energy-efficient, high-performance computing center, in Holyoke, expected to open in 2012. These companies and institutions include Cisco Systems, Harvard University, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT,) the University of Massachusetts, Boston University, EMC Corporation, and Accenture PLC. The data center has been built in Holyoke in part due to hydropower accessibility.The retail sector has been a major employer since the construction of the Holyoke Mall, one of the largest shopping malls in New England, in 1979. Retail has provided the city with a large and steady tax base, contributing over $7 million in taxes annually.Holyoke is a sister city of Northampton, Massachusetts.Holyoke's CultureArts and culture Immigration and migration Historically, a city of working-class immigrants (and the business owners who employed them), the first wave of mill workers was predominantly Irish. Irish immigrants had begun to settle in the region before the construction of the dam and the industrialization that followed, which is why the area's early name was "Ireland's Parish." The Irish roots of Holyoke is still seen in its annual St. Patrick's Day Parade.Saint Patrick's Day Parade Holyoke is home to the second-largest St. Patrick's Day parade in the United States, surpassed only by the New York City parade. Held annually since 1952 on the Sunday following St. Patrick's Day, the parade draws hundreds of thousands of people from across New England and the Eastern seaboard of United States. The Holyoke Saint Patrick's Day Parade typically attracts 350,000 to 450,000 people each year, although in certain years in the 1960s and 1970s when the March weather was "perfect", that number blossomed to what the police department estimated were 1,000,000 celebrants.Gay Pride Month observance Mayor Alex B. Morse, who first became an activist for LGBT rights as a high school student in Holyoke only six years earlier, presided at the city's first rainbow flag-raising ceremony in recognition of Gay Pride Month in June 2012.Where you come in!We've calculated the bare minimum for what we are going to need to buy this mill and get this project off the ground. We have the connections, we have (almost) all the resources, and we have the know- how. The final piece of the puzzle is the money. Absolutely anything helps to make this dream a reality. This is a great city and to see the way it has gone down after the mills closed is terrible. To let that history go to waste is even worse. We want to honor the history and tradition and culture of this wonderful city. Help us! In ClosingWe chose kickstarted, because we've seen a lot of successful projects come out of it. We need your help, because this is a big task, but together it becomes very do-able. Please help, I think we've got some great rewards. I cannot wait to see how it goes. Hopefully, if everything gets funded we'll be able to do a time-lapse from buying the mill and see how it all comes together over time. If everyone on the internet right now bought a shirt for 30 dollars we would raise 1,003,541.129 times more money than our goal in 0.059 seconds! It's a lot of work and a lot of money, but we are willing to do it, if you can help us fund it. Thanks everyone! Risks and challenges The one risk is under funding. We've checked every other logistic out with our connections and the city and everything looks good. Funding is our number one concern. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter