What is Machining Tutorials? Machining Tutorials is an online learning website designed for those interested in machining. Machining includes the various processes involved in transforming a piece of raw material into the final desired shape and size through controlled material-removal process. The mission of Machining Tutorials is to help machinists of various experience levels better understand their trade and become more appealing to employers. Developed by a team of machinists with 50 combined years of experience in the field, Machining Tutorials aims to be more than an instructional website. With forums and social media, Machining Tutorials desires to create an online community with their customers. Through this community, customers can network with other machinists, solve troubleshooting issues, and showcase their work. The instructional portion of the website is of primary importance. The instructional videos and texts on Machining Tutorials are designed for students of all experience levels. The classroom section of the website will include lessons on the manual mill and lathe, the CNC mill and lathe, the wire and sinker EDM, heat treating, grinding, welding, and programming classes including Surfcam, Solidworks, Espirit, G-code, and M-code*. Each of these subjects will include beginner, intermediate, and advanced lessons. The information provided by Machining Tutorials will be invaluable to machinists, especially those searching for work. The founders of Machining Tutorials have interviewed countless applicants who claim to have education and experience in the field, but do not have the skill-set to be successful in the workplace. Machining Tutorials will bridge the gap between lackluster educational programs and the skill demands of the job market. Many machinists attend technical school to gain knowledge about the trade Many of these technical school graduates lack the skills to succeed in the job market Machining Tutorials offers its customers the information most technical schools do not. The knowledge that Machining Tutorials offers will make its customers more attractive to employers The challenges ahead and why we need funding In order to create a website of this caliber, there are still many things that must be addressed. New material and equipment must be purchased for lessons. Software engineers must be hired in order to create downloadable apps for the computer and mobile apps. These apps (announced at a later date) will greatly assist the machinist in his or her day to day work. Graphic designers will need to be hired to design visual aids for students and improve the graphics on the site itself. A new, more efficient server will need to be purchased to accommodate a high volume of user traffic. Advertising the website is also a priority. All of these tasks, of course, require funding. Backer IncentivesMachining Tutorials will award backers prizes for their contribution. These prizes include T-shirts designed specifically for Kickstarter backers, mouse pads, and one year free memberships to Machining Tutorials. Tool scattered shirt Skull shirt Risks and challenges Some challenges that come with this project involve the time and financial demands of creating and servicing the site, developing innovative ways to teach the subject matter, and providing support to users. These challenges can be overcome with hired help which, of course, requires funding. With the existing team at Machining Tutorials and hired help, these challenges are sure to be met and result in a solid, consistent website that educates and assists its customers to the best of its ability. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter