Harmony is an iPhone (eventually Android) application that allows independant musicians and different live music venues (bars, restaurants. clubs, etc.) to connect and plan musical events together.Musicians can: Browse a filterable list or map of available places that are seeking for musicians. Update their profile and put all the necessary information (number of musicians, type of musician, kind of music, rates, etc.). Contact a place with internal messaging to talk. Live music venues can: Browse a filterable list of available musicians that are seeking for places to play. Update their profile and put all the necessary information (location, type of place, equipment specifications, date, etc.). Contact a musician with internal messaging to talk. As we write this, there is no easy way for an independant musician and a live music venue to find each other and communicate. Plenty of live music venues are looking for musicians but only find them from mouth to ear. With Harmony, it will be easy for everyone to finally talk and plan an event. Signup and complete your registration Update your profile If you are a musician, browse a list of places Talk with the other party and plan your next musical event We truly think that this application can help local musicians to expand their capabilities. We chose to put this application free to use because we really want to change the way musicians and live music venues interact between each other.Kickstarter is a great place for us to reach and engage an audience who believes in our project and goals. Designed by Freepik (restaurant)Designed by Freepik (musician) Risks and challenges Even if the application has already started the initial development phase, we are not as much developers as we would like. If we are fully funded, it is 100% sure that the application will be released, but one of the biggest obstacle for us is the launch date. We plan to release the beta in May and the final product on June but like every projects, it can be delayed. If so, be sure that we will inform every backers out there! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter