ABOUT THE FILM THE PIT is Trinidad born Byron Camacho's NYU thesis film. Fusing comedic and dramatic elements, THE PIT is an entertaining Godard/Fellini esque portrayal of early twenty-somethings in the hipster mecca of Williamsburg, Brooklyn. The film serves as a snapshot of one of the most exciting neighborhood scenes currently happening in America but most importantly, it explores the proverbial pit of consciousness that one often gets lost in in their attempt to integrate themselves in a specific milieu. (SEE SYNOPSIS BELOW) HOW ARE WE GOING TO DO IT THE PIT will be shot this April on location in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. My enormously talented producer, Allison Irvin and I are currently assembling a very gifted and hard working crew. My Director of Photography and long-time collaborator, Oliver Lanzenberg will be shooting the film on his own Canon 5D SLR camera. Aside from being cheaper than film, shooting on digital will be very conducive to this kind of film and very representative of the current party scene in Williamsburg. In addition, I have been granted a generous allotment from the chair of NYU which includes $10,000 insurance, equipment from the school and extra cash! WHERE THE MONEY IS GOING Needless to say, making a movie comes with a lot of expenses, emotional and monetary. The money you donate will not only relieve my producer and I of a considerable amount of emotional stress but also go towards other practical considerations such as transporting the equipment (van rental/gas), feeding the cast and crew, location fees (renting out a bar), extra equipment (camera mounts, light generators etc.) . . . the list goes on. Ultimately, your money will be going toward fulfilling my dream of getting this film MADE. Writing the script has been an enormous labor of love for me and making it will be an even greater one. With your donation, you will be helping a young man actualize his sole aspiration in life and that is TO ENTERTAIN. DISTRIBUTION/MARKETING PLAN Based on the successes of films like Dazed and Confused and American Graffiti, it is safe to assume that ensemble generational films, a category that THE PIT most certainly belongs to, are very popular. Furthermore, the film focuses on a very prevalent sub-culture that has yet to be honestly and entertainingly portrayed in the cinema. This is my ultimate goal with this film and I have great confidence that I can accomplish it. Allison and I are planning to market THE PIT as the Dazed and Confused of our time, which will inevitably attract the interest of a large core audience mostly consisting of younger folk. The film will be sent out to a variety of festivals including Tribeca Film Festival, New York Film Festival and South by Southwest. MIDNIGHT MOVIE In addition to film festivals, I am planning to travel around with the film, screening it at a variety of indoor and outdoor locations including bars, rooftops, parks etc. I envision this film to be an accessible “midnight movie” of sorts. With my contacts at Indie-Screen (http://www.indiescreen.us/) in Williamsburg and the Grand Screen (http://www.grandscreen.com/) in Tribeca, I hope to host a series of special late-night screenings of the film and hopefully build somewhat of a cult following behind it. SYNOPSIS: It’s Friday night in Williamsburg, Brooklyn and early twenty-somethings Kelly and Hannah are getting ready to go out. Hannah criticizes Kelly for not having been with a single guy since she moved to Brooklyn and decides to take her to a popular pick-up bar fittingly called ‘The Snake Pit’. There, Kelly falls for Nate, a handsome and charming bartender but gets intercepted by his jealous ex-girlfriend, Sarah. Meanwhile, Chris, a disgruntled young man is convinced by his best friend, Griff to get back at his unfaithful girlfriend of three years by cheating on her. Chris then tries hitting on several girls but gets distracted at every opportune moment by an intrusive party photographer named Felipe. At the bathroom line, Kelly strikes up a conversation with Nate but Sarah rudely interrupts them. Kelly stands up to Sarah and a fight ensues between the two of them. After they are kicked out of the bar, Nate comes outside to rescue Kelly but tells Sarah to hit the road. Nate then takes Kelly back inside and they get drunk together. Meanwhile, Chris sits by himself at the bar drowning in his own sorrows. He encounters Sarah who returns to close off her tab and they impulsively leave together. Felipe discovers them making out outside and tries to take a picture. Chris allows him to do so as the ultimate act of defiance toward his cheating girlfriend. As the bar starts emptying out and after consuming several shots of whiskey, Nate takes Kelly down to the storage room and hooks up with her. She leaves the bar ashamed and finds Hannah sitting alone on the sidewalk hunched over a pile of her own puke. After struggling to take Hannah home, Kelly cleans her up and they get into bed together. Hannah asks Kelly her about her night and she responds falsely by saying she had a great time. The next day, Kelly wakes up and goes to the bathroom to wash her face. She then looks into the mirror and stares with shame and regret at the unrecognizable person that stands before her.