"Barcelona is not just an old city, there is hidden beauty around every corner." - Alejandro ForbezWho We Are.On the face of it, we are just six ordinary guys who like to do fun stuff, however look deeper and you will find that we have a passion for art and photography. With a mixture of University students and young entrepreneurs, this close knit, fantastic group of friends bring fresh, new ideas to the world of photography. Warsaw, Poland 2010 - Nikolai Izak What Our Aim Is.When you have a friend who lives in a foreign place, you get the great advantage of hearing what said place is like. In our case we have learned that Barcelona, capital of the Catalonia region of Spain, is a sight to behold. However, most of the photos we see don't show what is located outside the inner city, and that my friends is where the true charm of this great place lies. Our aim is to travel to Barcelona and for 4 days capture this beauty that many people throughout the world have never seen. The narrow streets, the mountainous regions, places you would never imagine exist. Once we have got all our shots, we then want to create a book: a book to share what we have seen with the rest of the art and photography world. Boston, U.S.A 2011 - Nathaniel Yates-Hart What The Money Is Going To Be Spent On.The money generated from this campaign will be used for a number of things, including things such as: Plane Tickets (Cheapest possible). Hostel Accommodation (Again, cheapest we can find). 3x Nikon D7000 Digital SLR Camera's - An upgrade from what we have at the moment. Food and Water for our stay. A portion of the funds will also go towards producing our end product, The book will all of our photographs taken in Barcelona, sent out to early investors as a reward and a token of gratitude from us.We hope this dream can become a reality, and with your help we are sure it can. Stay classy Kickstarter's. Risks and challenges One can never predict exactly what problems may lie ahead but we are confident that we have the abilities to conquer whatever challenges we have to face. Plane tickets are already lined up with dates chosen, accommodation has also been lined up, all we need are the funds to push ahead. The main issue we may face is getting the book produced and shipped on time. This can be a time consuming process when meeting with editors etc. All backers will be constantly updated on the progress of the book via regular updates but we have no doubt that it will be shipped by the deadline. Once again, This is an experience we can't wait to begin! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter