Someone has been altering reality. The city's neighborhoods have transformed to kingdoms, the subways to dungeons, and the parks to dark, enemy-infested nests. Our hero must take to the streets and find out who's behind it. He will fight his way through monsters, knights, and more to turn things back to normal.Urban Fantasy is an action platformer set in a version of New York where fantasy has merged with reality for a unique combination. The protagonist, nicknamed "Yankee," is a no-nonsense New Yorker that gets unwillingly tossed into this strange world. This project is my first game, and is the product of my lessons with Unity Engine C# programming. Original Artwork and StoryAll characters and enemies, as well as the backdrops in which they exist, are created solely by me.Interactive Level DesignLevels are created with purpose, and can be explored both horizontally and vertically. Use of the environment can also aid in battle depending on the user's play style. Physical AttackingYankee fights to save the city he loves with his sword in hand. The basic sword attack is able to finish off the Wizard as is. Enemy MechanicsThe Wizard's behavior is already a mix of both defense and offense. When confronted, the foe will run or disappear. However, when Yankee enters within reach of his spells, the Wizard lashes out. Magical Attacking In this fantasy world, Yankee shouldn't be limited to his sword. As he progresses through the game he will unlock Magic and Spells for long distance attacks as well as healing.Items and HP/MP Magic will be consumed and replenished within a Mana pool. A variety of items will be available, including Health and Mana Flasks.Massive ScenesAt least 3 vast areas will be created for exploration. These will be elaborate backgrounds with a comprehensive level design.Music Additions Original compositions of work will be created for the following: Mini-boss theme Final boss theme 3 overworld background songs Menu music SFX assets x45 Listen to this original piece composed by SIA's own Esmeralda Vizueth! Animations & TransitionsAnimations for Yankee and the enemies he faces will help to bring the game to life. Bosses will have even more animations, adding higher levels of tension and excitement. In addition, background cutscenes will take place throughout the story.Personal Note I am determined to bring this world to life. I want to be able to show my story through an interactive medium and this game is my way of doing it. To this end, I am doing the majority of the work for this project (animations, programming, backgrounds, everything save music) on my own time. I am crafting this universe while doing college work.I was born in the Bronx and raised in Brooklyn, and I always took a liking to arts. I have been drawing ever since I could remember. My main inspirations were the Captain Underpants series and a specific Astro Boy comic that I remember vividly to this day. I lived in Jamaica for 4 years and came back to a New York that was very different from what I recalled. This game is my homage to New York and the rediscovery of my home. Try out a demo! (Firefox/Safari) *[How does funding go towards these planned features?] Asset creation takes time and skill. Not all assets can be created solely by the developer. Funds go towards hiring creators and towards student expenses incurred while programming and developing the project. Risks and challenges This is a basic list of the components of this project that I still need to get done: Art Assets = - Enemies - Bosses - Animations - Cutscenes Large Level Design = - Drafting - Polishing - Testing Programming = - Spell and Mana implementation - Item inclusion - Menu options Sound Assets = - x7 Original Compositions - x45+ SFX With the exception of the Sound Assets I will be doing everything on my own, and will have to meet specified deadlines to make sure I'm on target for my release date. *This Project is supported by Urban Arts Partnership's School of Interactive Arts (SIA). SIA faculty work closely with student game developers to ensure that they are on schedule and have every necessary resource at their disposal. For more information about our organization please visit us at www.urbanarts.org Learn about accountability on Kickstarter