I I am I am recordingI am recording againI am raising money to record againI have reignited my songwriting after two years of writing nothing. In the last two months I have written 9 songs and am ready to put their polished version out to the world, plus a tenth song in their that just missed being put on the last album.I have recorded several albums, have won many songwriting contests and have performed in coffee shops, at folk festivals and in living rooms for the past 13 years. My quest is always to grow my own voice - it is a good journey. But also, I have discovered over the years, I am a writer. The medium is music, but words are the root. So, in this album you find me - my voice, my words.I hope in this album you also find you. Your stories. Your soul.Thank you for all you do.IF I RAISE $3500+ I WILL ALSO PUT OUT MY FIRST EVER MUSIC VIDEO. This is the first year I have really used video as an avenue to share my music. It has all been sharing songs in raw form, from whatever quiet room I can find in my house. However, I am excited about the possibility of delving into a high quality video experience. Look for this on YouTube first. Risks and challenges Challenges happen! This will be my 8th album. With that experience comes a knowledge of how things flow, and who I work with best. The design process is typically where snags happen for me. And it is usually in making sure all the formats on my computer line up with all of the formats at the company who does the replicating. Fortunately, I know what to look for and this typically doesn't add much time to the process. My goal is to have everything recorded by the end of May. I am recording at Hobin Studios in Baldwinsville, NY. This will be my third album recording there and I am thrilled with both the quality and the timeliness of all the projects we have worked on thus far. I also find it important keep everyone involved up to date on the process and progress. I am excited about this project and excited to have you a part of it. I will let you know as any challenges happen that would adjust the schedule that we have set. I look forward to sending you a fantastic album this summer! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter