To all of my friends and fans- I'm being VERY Realistic now!! REMEMBER-NOTHING HAPPENS UNTIL THE PROJECT IS FULLY FUNDED! DIGITAL PRESS KIT LINK: AirPlayDirect.com/BobbyMessano The reality of being a lifelong musician in 2010 is not easy. I have played on over fifty albums and CD's and played live for more then 7 million people, and I still LOVE EVERY SECOND OF IT, but trying to stay out there and do what we do has become increasingly difficult. My fans and friends who have seen me know this is the most most important thing in the world for me next to my family. I released" Bobby Messano Live In Madison", my first live CD, to rave reviews. The Americana Gazette called it "...The best live album since (the Rolling Stones) Get Yer Ya Ya's Out..." That's quite a compliment, and "Live In Madison" will be reviewed in the September issue of Blues Revue. What you my friends and Kickstarter will do is allow me to recoup some of the thousands in costs incurred for the CD, print up long awaited T-Shirts and posters and most of all, keep my band and I out there on the road doing what we do best.....GREAT shows....AND.... Ya'll get to be involved, see me at shows, get your name on the next CD, t-shirts,posters,CD's...YOU GET STUFF for helping us out...I'm hoping my fan base and friends will get involved along with new people who are just learning about me. We are in a new music world of no record labels, no tour support and no advances for publishing...This is the new paradigm...Check out my website for more pictures, videos and info..Who knows, maybe I played on a few albums you have in your collection..:) Let's keep live music and Contemporary Blues Alive! Welcome aboard and thanks from the bottom of my heart! Bobby Messano – Live in Madison - Eric Thom February 27, 2010 There are no promises in the music business and nobody knows that better than those who play the game. Chances are good you’ve never heard of Bobby Messano, which is a shame because his sizeable talents have graced over 50 albums – as well as 4 of his own (one of them Grammy-nominated) – and helped him to tour the world in the company of everyone from Lou Gramm to Steve Winwood. A musician’s musician in a wide range of circles – from blues, blues-rock, funk, pop and soundtrack work – he’s relied on for his ability to position the right notes in just the right places and to make others sound good. This time out, at Madison, Wisconsin’s Bamfest ’09, Bobby joined N.Y. bassist Steve Geller and Madison’s own Joey B. Banks on drums for an hour-long, 11-song tour through some of his favorite music – his own and otherwise. He’s reached a point in his career where he likes to blend the flash he’s known for, as a player, with the heart and soul he brings to the stage as a hard-core fan of the music. Bobby’s always been loyal to his audience first but something tells me that releasing this effervescent, wide-ranging collection of music has a lot to do with satisfying himself as a musician. Nothing captures the essence of an artist’s abilities like a live record. He’s understandably proud of the results and you’ll soon hear the reasons why. If you already know what Bobby Messano can do – as a surprisingly soulful singer and a take-no-prisoners string-bender, you’ll delight in the music found herein. If you’re new to one of the industry’s most unsung heroes, you’ll quickly wonder why in hell he’s not better known – and that’s where you come in. Get Live in Madison because, whether you’re sitting or standing, it’ll surely get you. – Eric Thom, Blues Revue Bobby Messano website: www.bobbymessano.com Tour Dates: http://eventful.com/performers/bobby-messano-/P0-001-000224579-4