I am specifically raising approximately $3,500 of my goal to purchase a Canon 5dsr Camera Body. I currently shot with a Canon 6d. My passion is large format printing and I have pushed the limits with my 6d. Most people now a days say the Mega Pixel is dead and just a marketing gimmick. This is true unless you are obsessed with large print and image quality and sharpness. Today there are millions if not billions of digital images stored on servers, phones, cameras, discs and hard drives. A fraction of these are actually printed. Film photography is indeed a dynamic art form. Digital photography is given a bad wrap as an art form because of the ease of manipulation. In my opinion, the art of digital photography begins with pushing the limits of image quality in large format. Manipulating an digital image lowers this quality. Fine detail is required to produce a stunning large format print using a DSLR. I am self taught and am in my 3rd year of shooting landscapes. The saying, Your first 10,000 photographs are your worst, couldn't be more accurate. I have taken well over 10,000 images and couldn't be more excited for my next 10,000 images. I am ready...The other portion of my goal is costs covering the prints I am offering as an award. Taking and editing a digital image is only 25% of the battle. The remainder is the print. What print shop? What Paper, What medium? What Ink, what Press? These are all crucial questions regards to a stunning print you will love to hang on your wall. Risks and challenges The number one challenge for my vision of my first official project is of course time. Photography, even landscape photography take time. There are those times where you are in the right place at the right time, but to capture an amazing image takes patience and my favorite saying while out hiking... Nothing Ventured, Nothing gained. Almost every time I have said to myself, that location, or that time of day is going to be a lot of work, maybe next time, I always say to myself... Nothing ventured nothing gained I have come back with a successful image. I am ready to venture! Another obstacle also has to do with time. I am currently married to my lovely wife lindsay. We have a 2 year old son named William with another boy on the way in July! I know getting out and traveling the state will be difficult, but it is something I have to do. If I reach my goal, I cannot let an investor down, but more importantly myself. I have indicated I plan on displaying my first collection in a years time. I will most certainly display my collection in one year, but if I feel I have not displayed a great mix of images I will announce a continuation. If you do not see an image you like through my first year you will definitely find one in my second. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter