THE PRINCIPLE There is one great, one simple principle, which if firmly understood and made the great central principle in one's life, will make that life a grand success, truly great and genuinely happy. This principle, if applied in earnest, will leave you loved and blessed by all those you come in contact with, in just the degree in which it is applied. This principle could, if universally applied, wonderfully change this old world in which we live. In place of gloom and despair it would bring light, hope and contentment. The principle would, in short, make each man a prince among men, and each woman a queen among women. I have seen the supreme happiness in lives where this principle has been understood and applied. Lives that seemed to not have much purpose before, have under the influence of this principle, been transformed and beautified, made sweet and strong, useful and precious. To them, each day now seems all too short, the same day that before, wearily dragged along. WHAT DOES THAT MEAN? The idea has prevailed in the past, and the idea dominates the world today, that self is the greatest concern in life. That if someone wants to find success, greatness, and happiness, they must give all attention to themselves, and to self alone. This has been the great mistake, the fatal error, the direct opposite of the right path. The truth is set forth in this great immutable law that we find our own lives in losing them in the service of others, in longer form—the more of our lives we give to others, the fuller and the richer, the greater and the grander, the more beautiful and the more happy our own lives become. This is an expression of one of the greatest truths, of one of the greatest principles of practical ethics the world has ever seen. In a single word, it is service, not of ourselves, but of others that brings us happiness. That's the principle of this campaign. WHAT'S THE GOAL? To reproduce the work of this man: "There is a divine sequence running throughout the universe. Within and above and below the human will incessantly works the Divine will. To come into harmony with it and thereby with all the higher laws and forces, to come then into league and to work in conjunction with them, in order that they can work in league and in conjunction with us, is to come into the chain of this wonderful sequence. This is the secret of all success. This is to come into the possession of unknown riches, into the realization of undreamed-of powers." Ralph Waldo Trine Ralph Waldo Trine was an American author born in 1866, Mt. Morris, IL. He graduated from the University of Wisconsin and John Hopkins. During his life he was a director of the American Humane Society, director of the Massachusets Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and a best-selling author. He was so well respected in his time that he wrote a book with Henry Ford, and Trine's books sold millions. The basis of Trine's work was promoting the idea that an ability to care for others is central to being able to access one's own inner power. In his book, What All The World's A-Seeking, Trine laid out a simple, easy to use method of accessing that power, "Service, above all else, brings happiness". We want to bring that idea back into the spotlight. WHY DO WE NEED KICKSTARTER? When the book was written in 1896, the author's goal was to make the ideas in the book accessible to as many people as possible. Our goal is the same. By modernizing the language and references in the book we can bring Trine's work into the modern day. The book is less than 100 pages. We're not changing the principles from the original, nor are we changing the general message of the book. The goal is to faithfully reproduce the original while updating certain words and examples to make the work more accessible to today's world. Once complete, the book will be released via Creative Commons. PURPOSE OF THE BOOK What is the summum bonum, the supreme good in life? There have been countless numbers who gladly would have given all they possessed to have a true and satisfactory answer. Can we find an answer that rings true in the hearts and minds of people today? There is an answer. Follow closely, and that our findings may be more conclusive, take issue with me at every step if you choose, but tell me in the end if the answer is not true and satisfactory. THE ORIGINAL: Trine's book was published in 1896 and is in the public domain. To read the original, click here. “Cast thy bread upon the waters, waft it on with praying breath, In some distant, doubtful moment it may save a soul from death. When you sleep in solemn silence, ’neath the morn and evening dew, Stranger hands which you have strengthened may strew lilies over you.” Risks and challenges The only risk of this project not being completed is that I pass away. Besides that, the book will be delivered as promised, by June 2015. All physical book orders will be shipped by August 2015. Any money raised over the goal of $50,000 will be used to publish extra copies of the book that will be distributed at homeless shelters and to those in need. If you would like a copy of the book and can't afford it, we will collect mailing addresses once we have an idea of how many extra we'll be able to ship. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter