Greetings and thanks for checking out Archaeology in the Community's Kickstarter page to raise funds for our student historical photography project- Archaeology in Modern Landscapes! Sometimes, out of the corner of your eye, you'll see something you're not sure how to place—a collection of old buildings, a historic plaque, or a metal tool that could be from another era. In an instant, all of the curiosity about those common yet captivating objects are all but forgotten as you go about your day. OUR GOAL for this project is to teach college students from the DC-MD-VA area how to discover unique pieces of history within their daily lives and examine them through the lenses of art and archaeology. Students will then research these sites using historical documents, oral history, and local academics. This drive is the second round of ourKickstarter-funded photography project. We're incredibly proud of our students who participated last year! See their fantastic work here: http://www.archaeologylandscape.com/ The culminating event for this project will be a physical exhibit displayed in a local DC gallery, with casual discussion over drinks and appetizers. Student work will also be featured on the Archaeology Landscapes website and on the AITC website. AITC is a small organization that seeks to reach out to as many stakeholder groups as possible, so PLEASE help us! We welcome your support at any level with our eternal gratitude. Risks and challenges Like many projects, this one has several moving parts. Student advisers and mentors must come together both intellectually and geographically to build a cohesive vision over the course of a semester. We also work with vendors to produce the exhibit panels, promote the exhibition, and ultimately build out to the Archaeology Landscapes website. Our vision does not come without its challenges, but that being said, we are so fortunate that this initiative is already in its second year and we have experience from which to learn and grow. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter