To make a donation, please click the green button to the right! Our new goal is $5000! Help us make this possible! The more we raise the more production value we can add to the film! Or, you can also click "HERE" to view the trailer. (Please note I will not be acting in my own short. Dire times called for desperate measures.)To visit my website, you can click "HERE".The Small Castle :10min independent short-film.Logline: Returning home after eight long years, a young man searches for a few cherished items amongst a family that he expects to be largely different than he remembers. Synopsis: Wilson (27) is an architectural photographer from New York who is returning home for the first time in over eight years because the home he had grown up in was just sold. Coming back to the rural life he had left long ago, Wilson’s largest concern is that the family he had remembered, and still loves, will no longer be the same. This story focuses on the psychological effects that time can play on us, while we fear that the people we love will change in our absence. I want to tell the story in a non-linear fashion, meaning the events in the film will not be seen chronologically. The short takes place entirely at the family's home, and there I want to capture the feeling of uneasiness, awkwardness, guilt and compassion. The short film will be following very closely, the personal experience from Wilson's point of view. The film is angled to be slightly abstract, making absolutely sure to avoid including anything one may consider "confusing" in the abstract sense. In short, I want to stylize and compliment, through careful cinematography and dialogue, the emotions that Wilson is exposed to while returning to his family. I have titled the film The Small Castle because the home itself plays a large role in the story. Our home is as big as we see it, with the right kind of eye, any home can be your palace. And when we move out, it is still considered home; it’s a place where you are always welcome and can always return. It’s somewhere to fall back on if we fail. But some of us, over time, can sometimes forget this.Film Specs: Title: "The Small Castle" Runtime: 10 minutes Color: Color Aspect Ratio: 1.85 : 1 Genre: Drama Format: 35mm film & 4k digital Cameras: ARRI BL4 & RED One Writer/Director: Dalton J. Rooney Producer: Ashley Hardy Budget Goal: $4000.00 Shooting Days: 3 Location: Bay Area Cast: Lead: Wilson Better as Wil Budget: Where is your money going? The money I raise from kickstarter will go towards numerous aspects of the filmmaking process. There will be shooting permit fees, transportation for cast and crew, trunk rental for equipment, making sure our cast and crew always has a very full and happy stomach, as well as equipment and prop rentals. Last but not least, thank you so much for your support. Even if it's just passing the word along to someone you know about this campaign, then you are helping me improve the odds that this short film will be made.