The inspiration for my project came one morning when I was watering the plants and flowers around my pool. As I pulled the hose around it kept kinking which then required me to put the end down and go to where the kink formed and straitened it out. I did notice that the kink kept forming in the same place. After I finished watering, I began to experiment with taping splints to where the kink formed. While these splits cured the kink from forming, they made the hose stiff and it was difficult to wind the hose on my automatic reel.I then sketched out a design of a split that would prevent the hose from kinking, but give it some flexibility. I realized that this was important not only for allowing the hose to coil, but a stiff splint caused kinks to form at either end. I also found that if the ends of the splint were rounded, that helped to prevent kinks from forming at the ends.I experimented with different methods of securing the splint to the hose. Zip ties worked the best and incorporating them into the splint at either end makes the act of securing the splint to the hose quick and easy.The product has been through three rounds of design modifications and prototyping with variations to the length, width and thickness to get the degree of flexibility right. The product used in the videos is a 3D printed version from a CAD file using a with high resolution material to get a prototype that closely simulates the characteristics of a production run.A patent search was performed which showed no prior art. A provisional patent was filed in May 2014 which will provide protection for one year. A trademark registration has been filed for the Kink Kure name.An injection molding company located in Houston Texas will be creating the mold and producing the first run of product. The company has estimated that preparing the injection mold will take up to 7 weeks. Then depending on their work load, the production run could take 4 weeks to schedule and run. Risks and challenges The final product will be manufactured through an injection molding process. The precise tolerances of the zip tie locking mechanism will require 6 to 7 weeks to create the mold. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter