ill-esha will be donating all her profits of the commercial sale of the "Only Fair" track to the emergency relief effort in Japan.Check out ill-esha's music on her soundcloud page, or find her on facebook WHAT ARE WE MAKING?With this project, we want to create a meaningful and beautiful piece of film art, that visually represents the track "Only Fair" as a music video, and uses experimental narrative elements to have it's own integrity as a short film as well. WHAT'S IT ABOUT?We follow ill-esha through a single day where she gets to grips with a personal issue, is inspired to write the song “Only Fair” and performs it on stage at a show later the same night. After composing the track, she continues through her day haunted by daydream images of herself singing the song, as the music fills her mind and body. The film tells her story as she struggles with the challenge of finding herself, in a world where there is pressure to be something, through friendship, professional and romantic relationships. Her feelings of confusion about her identity are echoed visually in a composition of déjà vu moments, and sonically through a painterly soundscape collage. HOW ARE WE GOING TO MAKE IT?BEYOND represents a team of talented individuals from diverse professional backgrounds in film and video, and a collective archive of experience to draw from. With our pool of knowledge and seasoned skills we are able to strategically manage projects often with limited funding to their fullest potential. The funding we raise, will dictate the scope of the film we produce, and we are prepared to work on a variety of levels that range from shooting 35mm film with a fully equipped crew, to shooting with a couple of people, one light, and a digital camera. We plan to shoot on location in San Francisco, where the majority of our team are based. WHY DO WE NEED MONEY?There is precious little funding available today for independent electronic artists to produce music videos, and for independent filmmakers to make short films. Commercial music videos are funded out of pocket by artists and are relative to the sales on their music. Additionally, short films are often funded privately, independently and with grants as they rarely garner profit. We are investigating all avenues of funding sources on this project.HOW MUCH DO WE NEED?The quality of the film we produce is directly relative to the amount of funds we raise. We know how to work every penny to its fullest potential. To put it in perspective, it costs $3000 just to buy, process, and transfer 35mm film. We've set our goal at $3000 because that is the absolute minimum we can work with to produce the video that we have in mind with the most professional tools available. The more we raise, the better the project will be. We have a talented creative team with tricks up our sleeves, and industry hook ups galore. Whatever amount funding we do raise, will be translated with our skills, into a project worth at least 5x its value.WHAT ARE WE OFFERING?Everyone will receive something in exchange for backing our project! Instead of buying the album digitally, we are offering a variation of USB stick versions that you can use over and over again, as well as promo material and other musical goodies! The rewards are listed to the right hand side, and below are some descriptions of what we're offering:PLEASE NOTE: YOU WILL ONLY BE CHARGED FOR THE AMOUNT OF YOUR PLEDGE WHEN OUR PROJECT IS SUCCESSFUL IN REACHING ITS TARGET GOAL OF $3000. IF WE DO NOT REACH THE TARGET, ALL PLEDGES ARE VOID.$10 - $60 or more - USB MUSIC + OUR LOVEBacking between $10 and $60 or more gets you either a digital download of the "Only Fair" single, and a thank you on the website, or USB stick of the "Elusive History" EP, plus bonus tracks and videos! And all of our love and gratitude for your support. $100 or more - MUSIC & PROMO MATERIAL + "ASSOCIATE PRODUCER" CREDITThose backing $100 or more will not only receive a USB Stick with music and videos, but also an ill-esha Sticker Pack, a Limited Edition poster signed by ill-esha. AND an "Associate Producer" credit in the film!$250 - $500 or more = STUDIO SESSION + MUSIC & PROMO MATERIAL + "PRODUCER" CREDITAnyone who backs between $250 and $500 or more, will receive an individual or group studio session in San Francisco personally with ill-esha, custom tailored to include a music production workshop, teaching, tips and tricks and jam sessions. As well as the Special Edition USB Stick, ill-esha Sticker Pack, Limited Edition signed poster AND a "Producer" credit in the film.$1000 or more = ILL-ESHA LIVE AT YOUR PARTY + MUSIC & PROMO MATERIAL + "SENIOR PRODUCER" CREDITWith limited space only, back $1000 or more, and have ill-esha come and play your party! Must be a date mutually convenient between you and ill-esha, and be within California. Offers for locations outside of California can be negotiated for additional travel arrangements! Pledgers at this level will also receive the Special Edition USB Stick, ill-esha Sticker Pack, Limited Edition signed poster AND "Senior Producer" credit in the film.$2000 or more = YOUR VERY OWN SONG WRITTEN AND PRODUCED BY ILL-ESHA + MUSIC & PROMO MATERIAL + "EXECUTIVE PRODUCER" CREDITAs an extra extra special once in a lifetime opportunity, ill-esha is offering to write you your own personal song, either about you, or a topic of your choice, or even featuring you! If you help our video by backing $2000 or more. This will also earn you the Special Edition USB Stick, ill-esha Sticker Pack, Limited Edition signed poster AND "Executive Producer" credit in the film.Thank you so much for checking us out, we hope you decide to join with us on our journey to create meaningful and artistic work that marries electronic music, with film art and passion! <3INTERNATIONAL BACKERS OUTSIDE OF THE US:please add: $3 extra for $10 - $60 pledges $5 extra for pledged of $100 and above Credits: Video production by BEYOND and black and white footage material contributed by Kevan McGovern at Reverse Media. Cover photo of ill-esha by Daniel Zetterstrom