Update #1: Rewards, Featured Project, Progress so FarUpdate #2: Greenlight Achieved, Kickstarter Staff Pick, Reward DiscussionUpdate #3: Steam/GOG/HB Discussion, Zodimic Sign Discussion, 100 Backer Reward Achieved, Help World's Dawn!Remember if you'd like to follow us on Social Media, you can click the blinking girl above or you can click one of the many links below to visit our Social Media Pages and keep up to date with everything we're doing!Facebook|Twitter|DeviantArt|Tumblr|IndieDB|You can now back the project via Paypal! If you'd like to back the project, please send your pledges through, then message us either on Kickstarter or at our email at TwilightTeddiez@gmail.com This way we can put you in our Backer Newsletter so you are always up to date about everything going on with the project just as any backer would. You can now back via Paypal! We've been Greenlit! Thank you all for your votes ^.^ Remnants of Twilight: Age of Arius a 2D Story-driven JRPG that follows Oboro Lazera, and his sister, Vira Lazera, as they traverse five different planets to prevent the resurrection of the Dark Goddess, Amaya. Jump into a world inspired by Pagan mythology and folklore as you combat the many enemies in your way from demons, supernatural beings, and even gods themselves. While Remnants of Twilight: Age of Arius focuses on the story elements that drive most JRPGs, it also heavily prides itself on the ability to customize how each character functions in battle, how they look in and out of battle, and how far they will go throughout the game to accomplish the goals they have set forward for themselves. We wanted to create an RPG that really gave the player a choice about how they play the game, while keeping to getting to the end of the story. Long before the dawn of man, there existed two beings of absolute power and intelligence who had spawned from the very stars that filled the realm of Rumara. These two beings were known as Jaizen and Amaya. For years these two beings fought with each other due to their conflicted beliefs about the world they wanted to create. Jaizen, wanted to create a world of serenity and peace, where all life could live in harmony. However, Amaya wanted a world full of destruction and anguish, where those who lived spent their life in endless pain and suffering. Evenly matched in power and intelligence, they decided to deal with their discrepancy through other methods, thus began the Karma War. Lesser Beings known as the Exceed we’re born from the essence of both Jaizen and Amaya, and forced to war against each other on their newly formed planet, Karma. For 500 years, the Exceed fought against each other in the name of their creators, but still the war would not end. It had finally dawned on Jaizen that he had allowed Amaya to trick him into giving her what she wants, a world of endless suffering. He pleaded with Amaya to assist him in ending the senseless war, but his words fell on deaf ears. With no other choice and the want to repent for his sins, Jaizen attempted to pull all the Exceed off of Karma and place them onto a new planet known as Mavin. Amaya would not have this, and attempted to finally rid Jaizen from Rumara for good by sucking away his life force. Though all hope had seemed lost for Jaizen, deep inside he gained the strength to stop Amaya from draining away his power, and instead drained her within him. From the now combined powers of his and Amaya, Jaizen forged the sword known as Acacius, which he used to carve the planet Karma into five lesser planets. He placed divine laws upon the universe, then sealed himself within Acacius. Acacius then shattered into five pieces, which shot into the depths of each planet, bringing forth new life to each. Now a new evil has risen, breaking the will of Jaizen in an attempt to revive Amaya back into the world. Follow Oboro and Vira Lazera, as they traverse the five planets to stop the threat and bring peace back to Rumara. Active Time Battle System: With the ability to change how it functions based on the skill of the player. Alchemic Historia: Use the secret arts of the Arun people to create thousands of items ranging from small potions, all the way to costumes. Divine/Deviant Resonance: Combine and resonant with your parties Exceed Partner to become a godly being strong enough to best your opponents. Achievements: Collect over 150 Achievements as you explore the beautiful world of Kirin. Legacy Mode: Relive the past and be a part of some of the most legendary events throughout all of Kirin in Legacy Mode. A playable extra content story mode. Full Scale Talent System: Fully customize each Character using any three of their individual Talent Trees. Skit System: Discover more about the World and the Characters that inhabit it through the Skit System, Mini conversation system inspired by the Tales Series. Custom Skins/Outfits: Unlock Costumes and Outfits through Alchemic Historia, Side-Quest, and Achievements, to change the appearance of each individual character. Fully Voiced Events: Listen to the talented Voice Actors bring out the best of each Character. Original Soundtrack: Composed by the Talented Darren Curtis exclusive for Age of Arius. 40+ Hours of Gameplay: Excluding Side-Quest and Mini Activities. Active Time Battle System: We at TwilightTeddiez have always been fond of Active Time Based and Turned Based Battle Systems, so for the Remnants of Twilight series, we really wanted to stick with the overall idea of both systems. However we also wanted to add our own little unique twist to it to make it more strategic based. By adding in features such as "Zodimic Synergy", Skill Combinations, and Divine/Deviant Resonance, we added a little bit more depth to the Battle System overall. We've also fine-tuned every enemy to have their own unique strategies, hoping to prevent a lazy battle system that only lives up to the "one button wonders" we've become used to with RPGs. Alchemic Historia: Alchemic Historia is our crafting system in game designed to give the player more options and things to do throughout their journey of the vast world of Kirin. Roam the world collecting many different materials through Treasure Hunting, Monster Slaughtering, or even just purchasing them from a Traveling Merchant to create hundreds of different Armor, Accessories, Potions, Lore Books, and even Costumes. With the added "Leveling System" you can also gain passive buffs towards your adventures throughout the world! Divine/Deviant Resonance: Transcend into a higher being through Divine/Deviant Resonance, a transformation that combines the Characters and their Exceed partner's together to bring on all new abilities and power. You can also enhance their abilities through their leveling tree, making the transformations even stronger. Conquer all those that stand before you with over 15 different Transformations to customize and master. Custom Character Outfits/Skins: Along your journeys through the world of Kirin, you will come in contact with many different events, Side-Stories, Crafting Tales, Mysterious Pandora Boxes, and many other things that will reward new stylish outfits for each individual character in-game. These gained outfits will change the appearance of Character's Walking Sprites, Battler Sprites, and their Dialogue Half-Bodies to put real emphases on how we want these to work. Some rare outfits will even change the Character's Spell Animations, Sprite Movements, and Voicing Lines! Candy Land Syliune Concept Original Soundtrack: Crafted by the mighty hands of Darren Curtis, who has put tons of work into capturing the true beauty of Kirin through his music. Fully Voiced Events/Gameplay: By some of the best Voice Actors we could find that could truly bring out the passion and emotion for each Character within the game. The Remnants of Twilight series is highly influenced by Mythology, Folklore, and Religion. So we wanted to create worlds for each game that captured the true scenery and feeling of being apart of these beautiful and magical worlds. Age of Arius takes place on the planet, Kirin, which is inspired by Greek, Egyptian, and Japanese Mythology. This brought us to want to use the Zodiacs as the power source of this planet. Zodimic Wheel Every area of Kirin is inspired by these three cultural and Mythological backgrounds, in order to bring forth an endlessly explorable world. From the Cherry Blossom Forest, to the deep sea Dragon Shrine of Ryujin, there is always something to explore in this grand world. Ryujin's Castle Entrance Selene's Grave Nakamura Entrance The creatures that will roam various areas of the world will show strong representations of the spiritual beings within their respective realms. From small to large creatures, each will have it's own place in the world along with their own specific goals and groups they follow. We've even worked to try and bring animated monster encounters into the mix to give the Player a feel of being approached by a monstrous foe. Komainu Demon Komainu Sketch Animation Tengu Peons Within this Majestic world exist three different clans of human existence, known as the Karumin, The Grecin, and the Arun. These three countries each have unique beliefs and skills, and all strive for many things, including fortune, knowledge, power, and status. Each nation has it's own role to play in the grand design of this world. The Game contains a large cast of unique characters with their own powers and goals. If you'd like to learn more about the Characters, you can see all the Characters in the game in the Character Section of our website: http://aoa.twilightteddiezstudio.com/characters.php Oboro is an abandoned child that was adopted by Cassiel and Lailah Lazera. Though Cassiel, once a great general of the Vatican Army, wanted Oboro to live on his legacy,Oboro had no desire to be involved in violence. That however changed once he was exposed to what the Nebulus Army, an evil organization that fights against the Vatican, had done to the people of Azrin. With a great desire to help stop the Nebulus Invasion, Oboro, along with his sister, Vira, decided to join the Vatican Army on his seventeenth birthday. However, that was until they were mysterious transported to the planet Kirin. Taking a trip through Plonyenia City, Cassiel came across Vira in a dark alley, bloody and weak. Realizing how serious her condition was, Cassiel rushed her back to the Lazera Manor and treated her wounds the best he could. When she finally came to, she had no memory of who she was or where she had come from. All she could remember was her name. Lailah decided that she would take Vira in as a member of the Lazera Family and for seven years, Vira spent her life living as a normal human girl. As she lived under the Lazera Family, she grew a fondness for Oboro Lazera. He was weak, yet he aspired to help people in any way possible. She admired this about him and wanted to follow him wherever he went. Once Oboro had decided that he would join the Vatican Army, Vira decided to follow right behind him in hopes that she can be of help to him. Tsukuyama Madara is the child of Decem and Kiyomi Madara, and the last remaining member of the Madara Clan. Born without a Zodimic Sign of his own, he was treated with disdain by his Father due to his lack of powers. However, after falling suddenly ill as a child, he was branded on his eye with the Pisciean Sign, a cursed Zodimic Sign known by all throughout Kirin. He was later trained by his Grandfather, Kitsa Madara, who had also been branded by the Pisciean Sign to learn how to control it’s power and fight without using it. After his Grandfather passed away due to illness, Tsukuyama took a trip around the world to enhance his abilities and someday do what his Grandfather believed Tsukuyama’s true purpose was. After finishing his training, Tsukuyama then joined a group lead by the Goddess known as “The Knights of Paragon” where he and his sister, Syliune, spent most of their years. Years later, Tsukuyama was framed for the murder of the Goddess Elizabeth, and was given an execution sentence for his crimes. Tsukuyama’s execution was faked and he was locked away within the depths of Nezher Prison for two years before being broken out by Syliune. Aether is an Exceed born of Chronos and Nyx. Once he was reborn from the sword piece of Acacius that pierced the planet of Kirin, he became partners with the Goddess known as, Elizabeth. However, after Elizabeth's untimely death, Aether finds a new home in the vessel of Elizabeth's child, Oboro Lazera. Syliune is a young demon girl found in the forest outside the Madara Manor by Tsukuyama Madara. After saving her from near death, Tsukuyama took her in as her Father and gave her the name , Syliune, in remembrance to his sister who had passed. A lot of mystery shrouds this young girl and why exactly a former Knight of Paragon would adopt her into the Madara Clan. The Arcadian Prince of Sin, Fordaorn is the bastard child of Dimitri Cross II, King of Arcadia, and Asami Hitsugaya, a slave who was captured during the war between the Grecin and Karumin nations. Fordaorn lived his life in solitude, rejected by those around him. The only thing that kept a smile on his face was the loving care he was given by his Mother. However, during a trip outside the walls of Arcadia to the city of Aegae, Fordaorn and Asami’s carriage gets attacked by Bandits. Attempting to protect her son from the Bandits, Asami hides Fordaorn inside a hollowed out tree, and charges at the Bandits to her death. As the Bandits made their departure, Fordaorn crawled out of the tree to find his Mother’s body. Covered in Blood, he made his way back to the Capital of Arcadia to tell his Father about what happened, hoping that he would attempt to get revenge on Asami's murderers, but his Father did not care for what had happened to his late wife. This ensued rage into Fordaorn, forcign his latent powers from his Geminian Sign to activate as he unleashed his full force at his Father in attempt to murder him. Unsuccessful in his attempt, Fordaron was given a second chance for his betrayal He would either work as a soldier for his Father for the rest of his life, or be beheaded at that very moment. In order to take revenge on the Bandits and someday take down his Father, Fordaorn had to endure rigorous training for years and earn his ranks within the Arcadian Knights. Fordaorn, now a General, spends his day investigating the Bandits within the Hyperborea area as he kept close tabs on his Father. Once a great General of the Arcadian Knights, Brantu was born into the Miron family who have served under the Arcadian King since the first war. However, once Dimitri Cross I was killed by his son, Dimitri Cross II, Brantu resigned from his post and joined the Goddess, Elizabeth, as one of her "Knights of Paragon". Alongside the other knights, Brantu did what he could to protect the people of Kirin and bring peace to the world as much as possible for two years. Thought when Elizabeth was killed, Brantu fell into a deep depression. Instead of being the once righteous man that was praised throughout all of Kirin, he became known as the flirtatious drunk of "Ridge Hearts". The Starstruck child, Kazumi, child of Valera Akiyama and Hitsuga Akiyama, was born a child of the Kirin people. Ever since a young age, she was always fascinated with the idea of being an entertainer for the Empire and to be a star, noticed by all throughout the land. However, her biggest goal was to someday become a Shirabyoshi that performed for the Emperor and the Imperial Army. Shooting for her goals, Kazumi would work hard in her free time, perfecting her dancing, singing, writing, and musical talents. Her younger sister, Sheena, would love to watch her dance and looked up to her for her many talents. Sheena loved her sister, so when the day finally came that Kazumi was called away to work for the Emperor, she was devastated. At the age of sixteen, Kazumi’s talent had finally spread far throughout the Tsushima Region and she was called upon by the Emperor to perform for him. Moved by her Talents, The Emperor requested that Kazumi stayed within the Castle and entertained the men of the Imperial Army as she had did for him. Attempting to hold back her excitement, Kazumi humbly agreed and within only a few weeks, she had made the Empire her new home. However, that all changed after a certain altercation with a general forced her to kill him in his own chambers. To prevent her family from being punished for her crimes, Kazumi ran away to the city of Veldara, where she found herself a new home and job. She worked as a waitress and entertainer for a small pub known as "Ridge Hearts". She learned to start enjoying her life, that was until she received news from a fellow Entertainer of her past about how her Sister Sheena had been taken captive by a band of thieves that had made their way through her home village. Hoping to find her sister, Kazumi has set her goals to collecting information about the bandits that reside in Kirin, so that she can figure out who the perpetrators were. For those of you who did not see our previous Kickstarter a few months back, we spoke about a Kickstarter Campaign the Lead Developer started with a previous Development Team, and it was a complete disaster. We wanted to show the people of Kickstarter that we are completely determined to make this game with our Previous Kickstarter Campaign, but we fell short on funds collected. This time with our new content, rewards, lower goal amount, and features, we hope to be able to bring in the funds for the project this time around. We also love what Kickstarter does in giving Indie Developers like us the ability to show off our games and get the funding to finish those games at a much quicker pace!. All the funds gained through this Kickstarter Campaign will be used to provide the resources that you can see in the chart above. Most of these funds going towards Art assets as it is our main priority to bring as much beauty to the game as possible. Though many are probably wondering how we went from 21k for a Funding Goal to 10k, and the reason for that is after a long discussion, we came to the conclusion that it would be best for us to use our own money to fund the game as well. This allowed us to bring the goal amount down, and still get the completed game that we wished for. Though it may put a slight hardship on us, it's worth it in the end to bring this game of ours to the people! Even if the project doesn't get funded, we will still work towards finishing the project and bringing it to the people. We've changed up a few of our rewards along with added more Rewards to the list to give more options to the backers. We also have made it so that anyone who backs the project for it's Digital or Physical copy of the game, will get automatic access to all Beta Testing for this game and any game created in the Remnants of Twilight series. We're also bringing back the Backer Rewards system that gives free rewards away to Backers after reaching certain Backers for the project in 100 Backer increments. First 100 Backers reached will unlock the Exclusive Kickstarter Skin for Main Character Oboro. Get more backers, unlock more in-game and out of game rewards! Kickstarter Oboro Skin Character Skins change Battlers, Walkers, and much more! One of Three T-Shirt Designs $10,000: Of course this means that the funding has been successful and the game can proceed with it's development as planned 2x faster! $15,000: We'll be adding back the side-quest, story elements, and extra features back into the game that we removed to make it easier and cheaper to finish the game. We'll also be adding more Legacy Mode campaigns, along with giving an update to all our VN Sprites, and Battler Graphics. $24,000: Adding five more playable campaigns in Legacy Mode, along with reconstructing our Battlers to have more complex and dominate movements by increasing their frames. This will produce a much smoother animation and new gorgeous battle effects. We'll also be adding back the Fully Voiced Feature, which means every part of the game will be voiced instead of just the Major Events. $35,000: All of the most major events in the game will be given animated cutscenes instead. Six Additional outfits will be given to all that have backed a physical copy of the game. Finally, new features and more story content will be added to the game. If you enjoyed our project, how about you support us by backing! Or you could just share the project, anything helps! We hope everyone has a nice day! Risks and challenges There's many risk that come with developing this game. Things that are within our control and others that aren't. We, as a development team, are developing our first commercial game, so we expect there to be risk involved when it comes down to it's creation. However, we've taken many steps and precautions to make sure that if any of these problems arise, we already have a way to handle it. We think our biggest risk may come down to our perfectionist attitudes. We want to create something that "WOWs" people and makes them want more from us. Hell, we've even prolonged the development of our Demo simply because we don't want to release a demo until it's perfect and presentable. This problem could cause us to take longer to finish the game, but not so long that it would make people hate us. One of the biggest risk is on the backers. In the past there have been many projects that have taken the money they received from Kickstarter and barely did anything with it to actual create a suitable game, leaving people with lost funds. We want to assure everyone before hand that we all have the ability to survive without the money received from this Campaign, and we've even been using our own funds to work on the game after our first Kickstarter to improve it further. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter