Here's the first sneak peak from "The Last 90 Days of 59 Kent," featuring a night of dancing and rock 'n' roll with the fabulous Wyndham Baird at the Brooklyn Rod and Gun, 11/8/14 (filmed by Don Fierro, Travis Stewart and Edmund Deraedt. Sound and editing by Don Fierro.) 11/13 How about another peak: 11/18 We have another video from the movie for you all: ---90 Days of 59 KentThe Brooklyn Rod and Gun--social club, community gathering space and under-the-radar venue for amazing music--has only 90 days left at our home of 6 years at 59 Kent. Our farewell party and last night will be New Years Eve of this year. With the end in sight, we are documenting the history and culture of the Rod and Gun, in an attempt to capture and share the magic of what this time and place has been to the Williamsburg, Brooklyn community over the years.We are looking to Kickstart funds to produce: The Book: full of member and guest stories and all the fabulous ephemera created for and at the club: band photos, member cards, tickets, flyers, sketches and the like. A physical and digital version. The Double Album: featuring the folk, old-time, jazz, swing, rock and hybrid acts that made a regular home at the Rod and Gun. This will be a big beautiful double gatefold kind of thing, covered in all sorts of tidbits from the club. A physical and digital version.The Film: A collection of interviews telling the history and most memorable moments from our time on Kent Ave., along with many musical interludes shot and recorded at the club. What is The Brooklyn Rod and Gun, exactly?The Brooklyn Rod and Gun began six years ago in an empty storefront at 59 Kent--an impromptu, DIY phoenix rising from the proverbial ashes of best-laid plans. It was a place where friends paid monthly dues to come and forget their troubles, or talk about their troubles, while tying flies, sipping whiskey, listening to a shared collection of old records, and grilling up whatever catch they'd drug home from their weekend fishing trips. Sometimes a band played. As time went on, one night of music turned to two, three, four, and eventually five nights a week, opening these events to non-members and the community. 59 Kent has been a home away from home for musicians, outdoor enthusiasts, and lovers of that old-time feeling of being part of a community. New pastimes have grown up with the club. Every other Sunday, you can bring your instrument and join in the "Old Time Slowjam". On Sunday evenings, you can watch a cult film or a classic noir. Organizations like the Brooklyn Boat Club, Gear to Go and the Appalachian Mountian Club meet here for parties and info sessions. Some of the bands that have played at the Rod and Gun include: Mamie Minch, Blind Boy Paxton, Feral Foster, Jackson Lynch, Old Rugged Sauce, The Calamity Janes, Simon and the Rooftoppers, Willy Gantrim, Wyndham Baird, Free Advice, Dubl Handi, Smokey Hormel, The Brotherhood Of The Jug Band Blues, Alex Battles and the Whiskey Rebellion, and many more. The 78 Project recorded Loudon Wainright here. Les Claypool kicked off a tour here. Jon Spencer stopped in one night for an after-hours set. That's just the kind of place this is. A Sunday Hootenanny! The Calamity Janes There's been a lot of beautiful history made at 59 Kent in six short years, and we don't aim to lose it. Help us remember and share this history. Thanks. Some explanation of rewards:Digital Archive - This will be a collection of basically everything we have as source material for the 3 primary rewards (Album, Book, and Movie). There will be photos, videos, audio recordings, highlights from the bar and guest logbooks, the digital logbook, and all sorts of things. We have not decided exactly on the delivery format yet.The "Scout" patch - We will have a design to show in one of the earliest project updates. Update: design is up hereInternational shipping - We will be able to ship internationally on 2 reward tiers. The Scout patch will be $2 USD additional postage, and the full analog package will be $20 USD postage. Amongst our members we have working professionals in every field required to produce some stunning results. We are excited to say the least. Risks and challenges We are attempting a large archive project encompassing a range of media. Audio or video quality might not be up to our standards. We may not secure as many photographs and other ephemera as we hope. We may experience production delays. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter