Hang tight, This is going to be a long story... Nah I'm only joking... :) So this idea of making a platform where people can say how they feel, what they feel towards their loved ones without making them get mad at you is the main motivation behind all this workConsider these things, All these incidents happened to me in real life Your friends life is a mess, but you cannot say anything to help because you fear you might loose her? You'r friend is dating bad girl / or douche guy but you never had the courage to say it ? The workmate you work with is not cool at all ! and you need to give him some advise about staying cool Generally you are an awesome person but worried you might loose your friends, family, loved ones if you say the truth to them ? You really like your friend so much but can't say she/he is getting a little out of shape ? ( Explanation : this is all about making a person better ( healthier ), and I think some motivation could go a long way. And no one can say "Hey! You Fat" No no, But something nicer! You know your friends. And most importantly only your friends can write things about you anonymously . So your friends know how to talk to you without making you feel sorry about yourself. Also every comment will be strictly monitored and will no allow bullying ) So I built this tool so that you can say anything you need to anyone anytime you like anonymously Rules Make Me Better is created for people who believe that the essential nature of all human beings is to be kind, helpful, intelligent, responsible, and respectful to others.This does not mean everyone is going to act this way. So there is a list of rules that you have to follow when you use Make Me Better. If you don't follow them first I will tell my mom. She is feisty. She will sort you out. No but seriously, you will be kicked off this community and be banned forever. Don't bully people This is something should not exist in the world in the first place. Don't try and hurt someones feelings Don't threaten people This includes threats of violence, and threats to hurt others in any way Don't spam Don’t use fake tags or deceptive links or try to mislead others about the things you post. Don’t use malware or other evil code when you post Be legal Only post content that is legal, meaning you can’t post content that violates a law, rule or regulation Don't impersonate others Since you can comment anonymously please don't try to comment as someone else. Just try to make the other person be a better person the way you see it Don’t be a nuisance regarding technology Please don't try to break anything on the website, Do not scrape content from Make Me Better. Don't intentionally load test our server to see how much traffic it can handle If you break the rules we may contact you immediately and ask you to fix the problem immediately If you don't we may have to suspend or delete your account and permanently ban you from logging in to our system ever again So be respectful, play nice and most of all Help other Be Better, and it will help you Be Better :) Your InformationWe will never sell your information to anybody. Risks and challenges At this moment in time there are no challenges except for coming out with this great product for the community Learn about accountability on Kickstarter