What is GoHub?GoHub is the world's smallest USB-C hub that clips on your keychain. With GoHub, you no longer have to worry about bringing adapters with your new Macbook.(In addition to MacBook, GoHub also also works with other USB-C devices such as Nexus 5X and 6P. Please see below for more information.) GoHub - The ultimate USB-C solution for your new Macbook. Forget about Adapters. Altogether. Your new Macbook is designed for ultimate portability and elegance. Leave the clumsy adapters at home. Just grab your MacBook and go - Your ports will always be there when you need it. GoHub: You won't even feel it in your pocket. With GoHub, an USB port will always be available on your new MacBook. Simultaneous, Ultra-Fast ChargingCharging your phone with GoHub is ultra fast as it draws power directly from the MacBook’s power adapter (instead of from the MacBook). Charge & USB: Finally, you can do both together. Add up to 128GB Storage to your MacBook Get up to 128GB of extra storage for your MacBook with GoHub. GoHub's form-fitted, nano-sized flash drives are ultra fast (USB 3.1) with a tested transfer rate at up to 135MB/s (read) and 56MB/s (write) - Check out the prototype testing video below for the actual speed test. The ultra-fast, nano sized flash drive is form-fitted to complement the GoHub Ultimate Portability As compact as a key, GoHub is designed for ultimate portability - just like your new Macbook. Built to Last GoHub's entire enclosure is made with magnesium alloy, lighter and stronger than aluminium. How Secure is the Cap? GoHub clips on your keychain securely by a stainless steel locking mechanism, and yet it could be easily detached when needed. Watch the juice-lifting in action: You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Fully Functional Prototype The development and testing stages of GoHub have been completed. Watch the fully functional prototype in action: (Warning - it's boring to watch!) You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Charge your MacBook Anywhere We also offer a premium USB to USB-C cable so you an charge your MacBook with any available USB charger. Cable Features: Long - 2.5m (8ft) Durable - nylon-braided with aluminium reinforced USB plugs Works with or without GoHub Future proof - Charge + Data (3.1/3.0/2.0) 12 month REPLACEMENT warranty Also Works with Other USB-C Devices (Nexus 5X/6P etc.) The USB-C to USB-A cable that we offer functions as a charge/sync cable for all USB-C devices, such as Nexus 5X/6P / OnePlus 2 / Nokia N1. GoHub functions as a USB-C OTG adapter for Nexus 5X and 6P. That means you can plug in any USB flash drive (including GoHub's Nano-Sized Flash drives) and get additional storage to the phone. Unfortunately, GoHub does not support OnePlus 2 and Nokia N1. Ready to Ship in 5 Weeks With development completed, all that is left is the tooling required to mass produce GoHub. Back us today, and we will be able to deliver GoHub to you in 5 weeks (after the campaign ends). 12 Month Replacement Warranty The GoHub, Nano-Sized Flash Drives and Cables all come with a 12 month REPLACEMENT warranty. If anything is defective, we will send you a new one - instead of having you to go through the "repair" hassle. Worldwide Shipping We ship anywhere in the world at as low as $4USD! Get yours today! Rewards Spread The Word! Risks and challenges The 5-week delivery schedule is based on the fabrication time of the magnesium injection tooling provided by the factory. Although we have little control of the tooling fabrication, we have selected an experienced factory that has an excellent reputation. We will work in close conjunction with them in order to ensure that the tooling is ready on time. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter