https://vimeo.com/130106424https://vimeo.com/130521807https://vimeo.com/130544907THE PROJECTI GAVE HIM AN ORCHIDA theatre show about love and heartbreak and what it makes us do.Created and performed by Sarah Calver this show is off to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival this summer.Edinburgh Festival is worlds largest arts festival which takes place annually in the Scottish capital. It's made up of exhibitions, music, musicals and opera, spoken word and, what we'll be there for, theatre.For three weeks over the summer we will be presenting the show at the beautiful arts venue of Summerhall. We're very excited to be heading to the Fringe - performing the show to national and international audiences and presenting our work alongside other artists and companies that we admire.http://www.summerhall.co.uk/2015/summerhall-fringe-programme-2015/ Where can I see the show? Edinburgh Previews 28th & 29th July Oval House, London Summerhall from 5th – 29th August The show has previously been performed at Kana Arts in Poland, Faki Festival in Croatia, Pulse Festival in Ipswich, Tell Tales and BAC London, The English Theatre Berlin and Sohiensaele also in Berlin. It was awarded the 100grad Jury prize at Sophiensaele in 2014. Audience in Orchid - I love that you.... Poland What’s the show about? In 1885 Sarah Henley throws herself off a Bridge. She lives. In 2015 Sarah talks about it and other things that push us over the edge. It is not about suicide, well a bit, it’s about love and what it makes us do. Inspired by real heartbreak stories; some given, some found, some stolen. The complex almost repulsive theme of love and lovesickness is discussed in every theatre nauseam; medical explorations, biographical narratives, virtuosic rhymes and skilful games with reality and fiction. This solo show is unflinchingly honest; bouncing happily along the boundaries of inappropriateness, u-turning into absurdist melodrama and then recounting real stories of people in and out of love. It taps into our vulnerability, ours fears and needs. Inviting the audience to share their own tales and desires, it is ultimately a celebration of love, heartbreak and life. Rules of the heart And is it good? We think so, as do the 100˚ Festival in Berlin who gave us a big award; the 100˚ Jury Prize in fact. It has also be performed at Kana Arts in Poland, Faki Festival in Croatia, Pulse Festival in Ipswich, Tell Tales and BAC London, The English Theatre Berlin and Sohiensaele also in Berlin. Why are you doing it? We discovered this true story about a woman who does an extreme thing in the name of the heart and we soon realised that she is not alone in her extremity; it seems that everyone at some point in their lives are completely overcome by this pumping mechanism in our chests. Like countless songs, poems, films and plays that have come before us – we too are fascinated by this pumping organ, its associations and powers and how time and time again it dictates out futures. So why? After food, water and shelter it is next on the list of human needs. But also because we seem to have touched a chord – friends, family and audiences have shared their stories with us in the same way that we share Sarah’s – I gave him an orchid is a collation of these stories and show by show it continues to grow. Orchid at Sophiensaele, 100grad Festival Us FLIGHT OF THE ESCALES was founded by Sarah Calver to act as a platform for artists to get together, exchange ideas and practices and create inspirational, original theatre for local and international audiences. With an aim to make theatre that questions the world around us and where we fit within it. We are interested in the human story; in our relationships, the mundane and the ordinary and how this transposes to be epic and extraordinary. Our performances are a mash up of dark comedy and absurd surrealism, poetic meanderings and uncomfortable truths as we explore what it is to be us, now, then. We strive to develop the relationship between audience and performer and to challenge the conventions of performance status quo. I GAVE HIM AN ORCHID SARAH CALVER is a British performer, writer and director based between Berlin and the UK. She has worked with companies including The National, Blind Summit, Tangled Feet, Made in China, Moving Dust, Offstage and Gecko. CAROLINA ORTEGA is a Venezuelan writer, director and dramaturg based in Berlin. After meeting two years ago, we have been working together creating theatre and developing our artistic practice. Alongside Orchid we have also created The Mule and the Liger (Freedom Hurts) and we're currently developing our new show Circus WTF (supported by Arts Council England). OTHER PEOPLE. Many people have helped us make this show and we would like to say a massive thank you everyone who has supported and encouraged us along the way. Why we need you? We need you like butter needs bread, like birds need the morning, like Cameron needs ousting, like knee needs knee, like taking a show to Edinburgh needs money. It’s a pricey venture heading up to the land of Scottish Thespian Fringe Land and although we have fundraised and are investing ourselves, we still need a few more pennies to get us there and help us survive the month of theatre madness. What do you want from me? We would love it if you could donate to help us reach our Kickstarter goal. What you offer will go towards a whole host of things: Transport to the Fringe, accommodation, Fringe and venue costs, marketing, printing posters and flyers, props and costume and sustenance. No little is too little, anything you can offer will help and be hugely appreciated. We know that not everyone can give. But it would be great if you can forward this email to other people, post our on your Facebook page, or tweet through your Twitter account, it will really help us. In order to have a chance at achieving our goal, we have to reach a whole lot of people. Please begin a chain of inspiration for our project. What's in it for me? You will have invested in an exciting project, artists and company. You will have helped get the show to one of the biggest theatre festivals in the world where it will be seen by many people (hopefully) We’ve also got some lovely original and crafted gifts to say thank you for your coppers. We think they’re great. Thanks to everyone that’s helped us with them. You are also great. The illustrated text - an early sketch What happens now? If we’ve convinced you then please make a donation to this project. THANK YOU. And if you will be at the festival or near any of the other venues then please come and see the show. Please forward this to anyone else who may be interested in supporting this project. For more information about us, the show, what we’re up to next or anything else check out the website. Website: www.flightoftheescales.com Email: flightoftheescales@gmail.com Twitter: Flight_Escales Risks and challenges We've been making theatre for a while now - it is always a stressful, mad rush at the end, no matter how prepared you are - that's part of the fun of it. We've lots of experience behind us, having been working in theatre for many years. We also have an amazing support network of friends and family who muck in and offer their skills and energy. Currently we are working on two other projects - Circus WTF which is an epic circus deconstruction show with a bunch of circus performers and technical team, recently funded and managed by our wonderful producer. We are also already touring Orchid - so far we've been in Berlin, London and Poland and we're shortly to head to Croatia and Ipswich before the big build up to the Fringe. We're pretty well equipped to deal with obstacles that arise during this process and we're looking forward to the challenge. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter