Wait. A one man musical comedy show called Lunch? About lunch? Yeah. No, Absolutely. About the show!Luke Courtier (me) presents a high-octane series of musical comedy vignettes asking that vital question: what is it that really happens at Lunch? Quite a lot as it turns out. From the fashionable perils of adequate dog size, to an ill-fortuned death in Knightsbridge and the doomed travails of a duck called Susan, this is a series of songs and stories that chronicle precisely what goes on at that imperatively important but oft discarded middle child of breakfast and supper. A searing insight and commentary upon the loquacious nature of todays vibrant lunchtime culture or just an excuse to sing a lot of finely finessed wordy songs about exquisitely tiny shitzu's, falling perilously in love in Knightsbridge with a healthy smattering of death and adventure, I'm really excited to bring this show to Edinburgh Fringe 2016Explain it more!How would you describe Lunch (your show not the popular mealtime) in three words? Splendid. Musical. Urbane.How did the idea for it come about? I had a series of songs I've written and had been developing over the last year that largely came out of long rainy afternoons reading Monocle magazine and keeping up to date with Tatler's ever changing list of Most Affable International Men. After a meandering walk down Chiltern Street one morning, chomping merrily on a hot Norwegian cinnamon bun, I realised I might just have a show.Is it based on any personal experiences you’ve had? Yes bits and pieces are. Although I think I've taken some creative license. For example, I have had lunch at the Bluebird on the Kings Road but I didn't enjoy it quite so much and I ski far better in real life. I don't actually know Thomas Duke of Clarence and I have yet to be eaten by any lions. The rest of it's all true.Who would enjoy Lunch the most? Anyone with a frothy sense of glee. I'm a huge fan of Flanders and Swann, Jake Thackery and Noel Coward so there's some happy bastardisation of all three for the non-reservation generation. And a whole ton of a tapas references.Talk us through your creative process. I make up songs and then play them a lot until I think they're the sort of thing people might find terribly amusing. Or filled with pathos. Or both.Who or what inspires you? Witty and humane writers like Saki. Going to the theatre. Ottolenghi and the crazy mad things he does with a butternut squash. Explaining Lunch Why Fringe? After a sell out run at this years Vault Festival (You can watch some of the highlights of the show here!) and winning Spirit of the Festival 2016 I've worked hard to make a show that's ready for a bigger audience. I've got an awesome slot at the Underbelly on Cowgate - 6.20pm Belly Laughs. 'Look you can actually buy physical tickets!' What's really excellent about being at the Underbelly aside from the sheer excitement of sitting as part of a fantastically colourful varied programme of extraordinary artists, comedians and theatre makers, is the chance to give Lunch an outing in one of the largest, most exciting arts festivals in the world in a superb venue that is highly unlikely to catch fire (oh yes more below..) and that folks will come and see - Underbelly sold 215,000 tickets during the Edinburgh Fringe 2015! Making Lunch for the Vault Festival 2016! Here's a little clip from the Vault show: After a short Edinburgh Fringe run last year with Jamon Iberico and Other Short Stories, I learnt quite a bit about the kind of show I wanted to make and how I might go about doing it. I've worked with some superb, creative people Elisabeth Hopper, Oliver King, Harriet Creelman, Rosalyn Newbury on production and direction who have helped shape this into something that I'm excited to do. LUNCH is one of the New Current Magazine's Top Picks of Edinburgh Fringe 2016 Here's a short blog I did for the Underbelly recently! http://www.underbellyedinburgh.co.uk/blog/luke-courtier-my-edinburgh A note from one of those creative people - Elisabeth Hopper Oh hello there everyone, so glad you've found your way to this Kickstarter page, thanks for that. I've been working with Luke courtier Esq. for just over a year now and my what a lovely time we've had. It all started one night after (ten) too many bottles of wine - Luke whipped out his guitar and asked the assembled company if we'd ever heard of Hank Simon and then began to play. What followed was unlike anything I had ever really heard before and I was hooked. ‘LET’S CREATE A SHOW...’ Not so long after this I found myself working with Luke to get said show together. The main task was how to go from cosy living room intimacy to sold out 600 seater arena for the Musical Comedy Awards, then to black box space at RADA fest and latterly a sell out run in the cavernous tunnel that was the brilliant Vault Festival. At first it was mainly ‘Ohhh great Luke, I love it, but could you perhaps be a bit more ‘Gosh aren’t I a lovely Disney Princess’ on that chorus bit?’ and ‘Ohhh yes, Maybe try being more in pain in that bit when he’s dying…’ But oh how things have evolved. I like to think I bring a certain Je ne sais quoi to the equation - Director and occasional co-writer whose love of artisanal soap brands, deeply spiritual connection with literature and possibly unhealthy obsession with lighting design, has actually proven quite useful. So please support our show, it really is very good. Also Luke really needs to be able to pay professionals to operate technical things to avoid the below ever happening again. (I mean, in my defence, If you have ever swapped out more than 150 Source Four Par lenses from a massive 20” box truss trimmed at a height of 7m because the LD should have specified ‘wides’, then you’ll know the cost of shoddy calculations...) THANK YOU. xx Trying really hard, but having no real idea how the hell to work the tech box... Cool things people have said 'Delicious' - the Architecture Review ''There's a lot going on here: the play between stern sincerity and abject silliness was masterful' - A Younger Theatre A wonderfully executed humorous snippet of raw talent’ - Bargain Theatreland ‘Utterly surreal comic songs, delivered with dazzling conviction and aplomb’ Cabaret Scenes ‘It’s not every day you hear an act ask.. is anyone into charcuterie?’ Bruce Dessau LUNCH at Underbelly Cowgate Going off subject. Here's a song I did for Fubar Radio this year about District Attorney Ken Kratz (that horrid guy from Making A Murderer on Netflix) You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Why Kickstarter? This is where I need your support. The cost of developing this show and taking it to Edinburgh for a month's run is HIGH! LUNCH was fortunate enough to sell out for it's six show run at the Vault Festival 2016 which has kept this ship sailing to date... With these funds, box office takings and some generous support we've been able to cover costs including our Edinburgh venue deposit, brochure entry, poster and flyer graphic design and transport to and from Edinburgh. However there's a way to go, and more to be raised, with not a lot of time to do it! Below is a little taster of just a few of the things your generosity will make possible and directly support: Accommodation! A place for me to sleep, with a roof, and a bed, during the most expensive time for rent in Edinburgh's calendar. My PR campaign with the brilliant Premiere! (who've previously worked with Tim Key, The Invisible Dot, Bo Burnham, Camille O'Sullivan and Le Gateau Chocolat) Their already superb work on the show is essential in Edinburgh, hyper saturated as it is with interesting work, to ensure that LUNCH is on everyones' menu (Ed. Really Luke?) Paying some fees! To those folk helping me get this show on the road - I'm fortunate enough to have a superb director and producer attached. I need to be able to pay a fantastic stage manager, lighting and sound designers and operators! Posters & Fliers! So i can keep up with the masses (and masses!) of fellow performers, get word out and the punters in! Risks and challenges The real risks here are that the Edinburgh Fringe is simply very very crowded with all sorts of superb, fascinating, colourful work. The task really is to make sure audiences and press know about LUNCH and come and see it! That's where your help will really make an extraordinary difference. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter