SOMEWHERE IN TIME CAFE & BAKERYTake a step back with me and picture a simpler time. Dinner was on the table..all the family was together to share their day over a home cooked , wholesome and satisfying meal. Enter present time. Families with 2 working parents and single parents. The desire may be there for the ideal dinner experience but the reality is not. From another perspective..local residents who want a wholesome, delicious fairly priced meal during the little time they have for lunch before getting back to the grind.. but burgers and tacos or whatever is quickly available is their only option. On a wider scale..local businesses as well as busy and community active individuals who need top notch food that is consistent and breaks the mold on catered events will have a resource that they can be proud of and consistently call on to insure whatever event they have ..from the smallest luncheon to the largest buffet will not only impress but will get people asking..where did you get this amazing food? That is what Somewhere in Time Cafe and Bakery comes in. We will offer a brick and mortar storefront that will offer a simple and nostalgic place to have a quick lunch of gourmet sandwiches, soups and salads, In addition, a fully stocked dessert case with pies, cakes and confections that will be available by the single serving, a whole cake , pie or weighted amount of confections..as well as order forms to order larger amounts to satisfy their friends or clients for larger events. In addition to the daily offerings, home style dinner entrees will be available for purchase frozen in varying sizes for the customer who simply wants to know they have a place to go to feed their family a meal reminiscent of something they may have fond memories of or meal their family may experience for the first time. the mission statement of this company is to offer affordable, wholesome and exceptional food that will be a welcome addition to a town that has been built on and continues to promote small town values. Risks and challenges As with any new business venture, there will be obstacles, pitfalls and unexpected setbacks. Acknowledging that is the first step to being prepared when they occur. In the business of making and selling food items, obviously you have to have an exceptional product. Repeat business and word of mouth is crucial to the growth and ongoing success of a food and service based business. Establishing reputable and consistent sources for inventory is of utmost importance. You cant advertise and sell something you can't deliver. In addition, In the food industry product costs fluctuate so the pricing set for what the customers pay must be set realistically for optimal profit margins as well as any of the inevitable wholesale purchasing fluctuations. The balance of equitable profit margins and offering a consumer product of consistent quality that is not cost prohibitive is of utmost importance. Exceptional staffing is also crucial to the success of any business but especially small business. To create an atmosphere of friendliness, competency and consistency, it is important to hire well. The employees, whether 2 or 20 need to share in the mission statement the owner wants to uphold. This can be difficult, but with the proper training and expectations laid out upfront, as well as giving all employees a sense of pride and ownership in the performance of the business as a whole and not just individual performance, a sense of family can be established. As with many small start up businesses, getting noticed can be difficult. Making local connections with other local businesses, the local city officials, the local Chamber of Commerce etc. and sharing your passion for your new business. Offering to provide free or reduced price small events leading up to the official grand opening as well as possibly advertising for a scheduled tasting event in the community for a nominal cost can all get pre-opening buzz going leading up to the day you open your doors to the public that all important first time. I am a problem solver. I am a dreamer. I am a perfectionist. If I find myself in a situation that presents possible problems I tackle them head on. If I can rectify it on my own..I will do it post haste. If it is beyond my expertise, I will immediately seek out qualified individuals for guidance and make sure a small issue doesn't become a big one. I have always excelled in every job I've had. Just one example: From a minimum wage part time food demo employee I became a manager in less than 8 months. I took a failing department to the top department in less than 6 months and motivated a team of 12-20 lackluster employees to bring their best to work everyday. I gained national acclaim for my cooking and I strongly believe in networking and communities sharing in each other's successes. Simply stated..There is no dream to big to achieve..there is no problem that can't be solved..and there is success for those who persevere. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter