To better serve law enforcement and emergency services, Serve & Protect needs a professionally designed interactive website that provides content in print and digital form for education of first responders about emotional issues and the help that is available to bring emotional resolve. The website needs to connect with our case management system to allow ease of requesting help. A good example is the YouTube video. This will expedite getting them help, making it possible to locate a chaplain or therapist to meet their need before responding their request. Incorporating video and audio educational resources, links to additional resources, and a means of requesting help in a private manner will provide a unique resource to those who keep our community safe. Through a direct connect to our case management system, first responders can ask for help 24/7, providing an additional means in addition to our 24/7 crisis line.Serve & Protect is a non-profit serving law enforcement and emergency services. Emotional stress and trauma cause serious issues for many: every 17 hours a law enforcement officer commits suicide; firefighter suicides are skyrocketing 85% of first responders experience some symptoms of PTSD 75% of police and 87% of firefighters get divorced (at least once) more than a third of dispatchers have PTSD symptoms Risks and challenges Founded July 2011, Serve & Protect has grown from one man with a vision to a collaborative, compassionate, confidential national resource for first responders. They desperately need a resource that is outside their agency because they fear professional harm otherwise. We operate on a shoestring budget through volunteers and collaborations so that we can provide the most help with the highest quality for the least expense, a real challenge. The biggest current challenge is getting the system complete. We just completed our case management system. This website is the final component in building the structure for service. The next challenge is getting the information that help is available - now - to those who need the help. Already we get 400 calls a month! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter