On set filming a scene for 'The Door' by Neu World Studios Neu World Studios wants to continue Independent film making with our next movie idea: 'A New World'. Based in a post-apocalyptic world, we will explore what the conditions could be like if a societal collapse did occur and how 'regular' people might deal with this extraordinary situation. Our vision with 'A New World' is to bring our film-making to a higher standard than we thus far have achieved. In order to do this we need to purchase some new film equipment- the Cannon T3i camera, boom mics for capturing clear sound, new film editing software, and a Mac computer for the editing process.We have begun pre-production for our next film, 'A New World'. This entails refining the story treatment, the script, location scouting, props, and casting. Successful funding for this film project will help bring to fruition the next crucial phase of principle photography (the actual filming) estimated for January 2014. The last phase of post-production (editing the film, adding sound, music, etc) is currently targeted for completion in the month of March. Not only will the funding go towards our next film, but the studio in general. The funded project will also include covering submission fees at film festivals and help us reach another of our eventual goals: our own film festival in Cedar City, UT! Help us bring our future film making aspirations to a new level of creativity as we strive to increase our 'skill' and 'tool' set to produce increasingly higher quality films and to make them more efficiently than before. Risks and challenges With film there are always the issues of time, money, locations, film crew, and cast. We know that to create movies, you need all. In order to over come these potential obstacles, Neu World Studios actively recruits people that share our vision and who want to develop their particular film production skills on one of our projects. Their involvement in one of our films adds to their resume of experience. We essentially form mutually beneficial partnerships. We will continue to do this so that our pool of talent to draw from grows. That way, we have multiple people with the abilities we need should somebody be unavailable. Cedar City, UT, home to Southern Utah University, has many students that are theater majors and enthusiasts. There are also many people with strong interests in film. This gives us the edge we need to help us overcome any production issues. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter