Over my years as a military spouse I have noticed a trend among military members and their families on social media. They are scared. They use sources like Facebook to create groups for advice, for information about their community, or to sell things to one another when another family gets orders to move. With the existing social media outlets, there is no way to tell who is affiliated with the military and who is not. I admin a group on Facebook where I try every way possible to ensure someone is affiliated with the government or military before adding them to the group, but people still get through. I've had people harass members of my groups, threaten them because they aren't willing to sign someone on base, and even people who try to delve into a service member's personal life by asking about extremely personal information. There have been people from the middle east posing as Americans attempting to learn private information or government secrets from people who have "U.S. Military" listed on their profile. People at certain bases have been targeted simply by being a member of Facebook and listing their location on an Air Base or other military installation. The results of this have scared people into not even putting personal information such as living on a military installation, or the fact that they are married to a service member or are in the service. On the pages I personally admin people are concerned because there's no way to truly tell if someone is indeed affiliated and should be included in the group. I have been messaged that people are afraid of putting any information on the page because they are considered "open groups" because of the large number of members, which means anyone can see anything that is posted. My plan is to make a social media website for only military members, their families and extended families, retirees, and government employees and their families. Just like when Facebook was started, you had to be a college student to join. To join Compatriot you would need to provide proof that you are a member of one of these groups to join. Once approved, the people who serve our country would no longer need to worry about people seeing their information or being harassed by random people just because they live on a military installation. This would allow a safe place for this specific group of people to communicate with each other as well as make groups for support, communication, community events, and any other things that a traditional social media website would offer. With the changing safety of the world today and the constant threat of terrorism, the military and government community deserves to have a social media outlet where they don't have to feel scared. Risks and challenges Some challenges I might face after the project is funded would be finding a way to verify people are really a member of the target community. I need a way to be able to verify without a doubt, while also respecting that people don't necessarily want to divulge certain personal information such as social security numbers. Another challenge would be getting the word out about the new website. Lastly, I will need to find someone to help me design the website so that it is secure as well as easily functioning and inviting. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter