I'm a Teacher & an Artist. I'd like to Publish the book I've been working on for the past 3 years. I took a class Sponsored by the Chicago Mawlid Committee on Imam Nawawi's 40 Hadith in March 2012. It's kind of like a book on Confucious' sayings: concise and trite sayings that are full of wisdom that not many people understand. This project began after that class. Every month, for the past 40 months, I have been reflecting on, researching narrators and context and trying to fit the Hadith into modern day context and implement Hadith in my own Personal and Professional life. I'm an Islamic Scholar. For 18 years, I took every weekend or week long seminar in the US including various Deen Intensives, Rihla Programs, Zaytuna Institute (affiliated with UC Berkeley now), and Al Maghrib Institute. I began when I graduated from Roosevelt, in 1988: I was the only and 1st out of town student for the 1st ALIM Program. After my time at Zaytuna Institute, I chose to become a ClassRM teacher, and went to Graduate School for Education at UC, Santa Barbara - a Public Ivy (consistently scores in the Top 10 of Public Universities on U.S. News & World Report.) I taught for 10 years both in Public & Private Schools. I was primarily a 1st Gr Teacher in Islamic Schools in City and the Suburbs of Chicago. I was very successful as a 1st Grade teacher: on standardized tests, my students always scored at or above grade level. In fact, by the time students were done with my class, every single student scored at 2nd grade or well beyond the beginning of 2nd grade. While I taught, I was concurrently tutored Prek-12th grade for the best Companies: Sylvan & Kaplan. I also taught ACT Prep for the Princeton Review. I was always so busy teaching, tutoring and volunteering, I didn't have time for much else, like honoring my Islamic Education. This book came out of a reluctant need to honor that aspect of my Education, and contribute what I could to the landscape of Muslim talent in Writing and Scholarship. I'm also an Artist. That's just something "for fun" that I've always done (again concurrently) while I've worked. I never shared my Art until 2014. My focus for this KickStarter is the Book I've written. I hope you will contribute to it's final editing, and publishing. The editing includes going back through every passage (I tried to write on a daily basis for 3 years), checking for grammatical consistency, topic sentences, details, coherence and themes, paragraphs that make sense, relevance to my own life and others, and whether or not I've kept an Audience in mind and it all makes sense, not just to my memories for that day, week or month, but for people who are interested in living out a Spiritual life, and interested in how other people like me have done that. Risks and challenges I recently went through this as a direct result of being Muslim, a teacher and a writer. https://www.facebook.com/pages/Shabana-Jameel-MEd/688709361257525… I feel as though I have still been in recovery from the assaults, imprisonment and wrongful hospitalization. The Police also stole my laptop and refused to give it back. Muslim male Scholars refuse to accept me as a Colleague much less an equal. I also do not have a home to live in because I refused arranged Marriages. Despite all this, I have tried to consistently keep editing and finishing up my Publishing Project. I hope to find Political Asylum in a different country and continue to write, and publish. I have several Articles and videos I have shared online. I have about 15 more but they are on the laptop that Police stole. I would really appreciate public support to fund my project, and provide funds so I can live comfortably while finishing this in July. I'm also applying to Oxford University for the Fall. It's been a 3 year project. I can't imagine NOT finishing or publishing this, despite jealousy and envy from relatives, creepy Police who couldn't take no for an answer, and having my Wealth obstructed or taken away from me. I've felt like a Jew in WWII Germany instead of an American who was born in Chicago and raised in the Suburbs of IL. I'm dedicated and committed to this project. Please help me with its completion by contributing, and keeping me in your prayers. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter