Why Wakē?In the 21st century, people shouldn’t wake up in the dark, lose sleep to their partner’s alarm, or be jolted awake by a buzzer. It’s time to rethink how we wake up. Meet Wakē. As Featured In: How Wakē WorksWakē works for one or both partners per bed. Once you're awoken, Wakē will reposition itself should you roll over and shut itself off when you get up. You can always snooze or deactivate any alarm using the Wakē app. Thanks to all who've made Wakē a huge hit! We've listened to your feedback and want to offer the following additional capabilities to integrate Wakē with the growing ecosystem of your home automation products. What Starting your Day with Wakē Feels Like Wakē uses a warm, white LED to slowly illuminate the area around your face to gently rouse you, helping you wake up naturally and feel alert faster. Wakē uses a parametric speaker (like a laser beam of sound) to deliver focused, soothing sounds that start quietly, and grow louder slowly as the light beam grows brighter. Since Wakē’s light and sound is aimed at you, your partner can rest peacefully while you wake up energized. Wakē Technology Inside Wakē you'll find clever use of technology designed around you. Wakē’s wi-fi connected processor is provided by our friends at Spark.io and Wakē’s parametric speaker was inspired by kits made available by Richard Haberkern here on Kickstarter! Wakē has its own app that works like a regular alarm clock app -- Just tell Wakē which side of the bed you sleep, and how you want to wake up. Wakē will NEVER violate your Privacy, EverWe built Wakē so it could never compromise your privacy. Wakē has NO cameras and NO microphones. Easy Installation & RechargingWakē installs easily in about a minute with a screwdriver. Just stand on your bed and fix the mounting bracket to the wall above your headboard. Wakē runs on rechargeable batteries and only needs a recharge a few times per year. The Wakē app lets you know when it’s time to plug in the included power cord. The Future is Bright Wakē is RealWakē isn’t hype, or a concept waiting to be developed – it works now. We use our Wakē prototypes to wake us up, and it’s awesome. Take a look inside our lab to see for yourself how Wakē works. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Our prototypes work and are production ready. The Lucera Labs Story We created Lucera Labs for one purpose: to transform waking up into an enjoyable and dignified experience using 21st century technology. We’re not here to sell another sleep tracker - we want to fundamentally change the way technology interacts with people in the morning. Our founders got their start wondering why technology was improving nearly all facets of life, but wake up technology hadn't budged. Will yearned to sleep through his wife's early alarm, and Taylor dreaded getting up in the pre-dawn darkness for a long commute. Determined to find a better way, they went to work sketching (on a napkin) a totally new approach to waking up - a wall mounted device that first pinpoints a sleeper’s location, and then uses focused beams of light and sound to wake up one person (not both). Over the course of a year, the team grew, while they built dozens of prototypes, refining the design and improving the user experience. We loaned these prototypes to our friends who vastly preferred Wakē to a smartphone or clock radio. Along the way The Lucera Labs Team Why We Need Your Support Before we release Wakē to the world, we need to acquire some expensive injection mold tooling and buy large batches of parts at affordable prices. We’ve done the grind work of development; now we need you to support us as we take Wakē to the next level. Product Timeline Got questions - feel free to email us. We'd love to hear from you. You can also learn more by visiting our website at www.luceralabs.comYou can also visit us on Facebook or Google Plus, and check out some photos on Instagram. This project is promoted by Jellop, a direct response online advertising agency specializing in Kickstarter campaigns on Facebook Ads and Google AdWords. Risks and challenges Lucera Labs has worked diligently to mitigate technical and schedule risks prior to launching this Kickstarter. However, delays are always possible including those caused by component delivery or quality issues. We promise you’ll be the first to learn of any change to our schedule via regular email updates. We'll also be available to promptly respond to your email inquires along the way. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter