As a music composer of 8 years, I have learned that my love for music is beyond infinite. To put my passion into words would be an improper depiction, but as my good friend Cindy said: "Music is your one step above happiness," and I could not concur any more. For those I may not be acquainted with, here are some of my accomplishments as a musician and composer: 70 works composed Competed out of the Illinois State Solo Competition at age 16 (piano solo performance) Commissioned to compose for leading British composer Mark-Anthony Turnage Piano repertoire includes: Liszt- Hungarian Rhapsody No.2, Rachmaninoff- Piano Concerto No.3 and more Studied music composition under nationally-known female composer Patricia Morehead Played various instruments, including: clarinet, drum set, guitar, melodica, accordion, violin and cello Though it is the biggest passion in my life, music composition is financially draining and yields low-income. Many costs to have a piece performed include paying each musician, getting recording equipment and renting a rehearsal space. As of right now, my financial ambition is to acquire the most up-to-date music composition software (I am currently using a free software called MuseScore that is below par), so that I can present sheet music that is comprehensible and thorough to the musicians. On a daily basis I encounter many problems with my software. Whether it be shutting down or it's incapability of dictating extended techniques, the software cannot depict the precise nature of what I'm composing. Thus, I am having this fundraiser to acquire an updated software. Thank you much for taking the time to read this and hopefully consider donating to this cause. Any amount will suffice; I am completely satisfied with a donation as small as $1. For your pleasure, I have included a recent recording I made of my performance of the 18th Variation from Rachmaninoff's Variations on a Theme by Paganini. Enjoy! Risks and challenges The only risk I could see with attaining this software is it wouldn't perform as well as I presumed. However, I have read reviews and they speak positively to the functions I need. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter