At a glance Swiftpoint GT combines intuitive touch gestures with the precision and convenience of a mouse. It’s the first mouse in the world offering you a unique combination of: Swipe or flick using a natural finger and wrist action without having to reach for your screen. Take productivity to a new level and never click on a scroll bar again. Ergonomic pen-like grip comfortable for all hand sizes. Lightweight & compact design that is a perfect fit for your multi-device lifestyle. Use it on a desk, laptop palmrest, or even your leg! Always be 100% productive, anywhere, and on any device. Rechargeable and wireless supporting Bluetooth 4 or the supplied USB receiver. You get all of this packed into one beautifully designed device. The GT will help you bridge the gap between touch and non-touch modes of operating your desktop, laptop or tablet.If you are a Windows 7 or 8 user, getting GT today will pay off immediately and also help you make an easy transition to Windows 10 when it is officially released. Enjoy truly natural touch gestures without having to reach for the screen The Swiftpoint GT is the world's first mouse allowing you to do touch gestures with a natural finger and wrist action without having to touch the screen – in fact, you don’t even need a touchscreen!This is a huge step forward compared to Touchpad-on-Top (TOT) devices that have touch sensors on top of the mouse buttons. User feedback to TOT devices has been negative due to the need to hold the mouse while moving a finger awkwardly over a small button area. "Function overload" on TOT mouse buttons causes accidental unwanted gestures or clicks, and the lack scrollwheel means reading documents requires more effort,The design principles we have implemented in Swiftpoint GT overcome all of the limitations of TOT devices.Take your productivity to a new level Windows 8 and 10 computers are touch-centric. The GT makes using applications in these environments faster and easier because it’s the only mouse in the world that simulates native touch to give smooth panning, flicking, zooming and application switching. We even simulate touch panning and flicking on Windows 7.Touch devices are great for consuming content but when it comes to editing or creating content they fall short. The GT changes all that. It improves productivity in Microsoft Word and Excel, as well as other office and content creation applications. You can now flick and pan straight to where you want to be in a long document or a wide spreadsheet. Switching between click mode and touch mode is seamless and a huge benefit for users who like the ease of scrolling and being able to place the cursor in a precise position.The GT is 30%-40% more efficient and more accurate than a touchpad (based on an industry-standard Fitts' Law test). This helps you complete your work faster, and without the frustration and ergonomic issues typical of poorly designed low cost mice. Proven ergonomics let you work longer comfortably The GT has a unique ergonomic design (optimized for right-hand use) that addresses concerns about RSI, OOS, and carpal tunnel syndrome. Other small mice often cause cramping because you have to hold them with a claw grip, but the GT’s pen-like grip feels natural to use in anyone’s hands – large or small. Reaching for a screen while doing computer work when using a keyboard is tiresome and un-ergonomic (ever heard of a gorilla arm?!) The GT gives you effortless access to touch – you don’t even need to buy a touch monitor.The GT has an internal rechargeable battery, which means you don’t need to buy batteries, reducing your environmental impact and saving you money.Unrivalled portability - GT goes where you go The GT was designed to be operated on your laptop next to your touchpad, so you can use it on a plane, bus, train or even the couch in your living room – anywhere. It’s ultra-small, and lightweight, measuring only 2.2” by 1.7” by 1.3” (5.6 cm by 4.3 cm by 3.3 cm) and weighs just one twentieth of a pound (23 g).Unlike other mice, GT offers you two types of wireless connection: via USB receiver and via Bluetooth 4. Traditionally, you have a wireless mouse with either USB or Bluetooth, but not both. GT gives you the freedom to choose: if your ultra-book or hybrid has no spare USB ports, just connect via Bluetooth; and if your desktop does not support Bluetooth 4, use GT via a wireless USB connection. Using Windows 7 or 8, but thinking of 10?Future-proof yourself with Swiftpoint GT! The GT is the mouse for Windows 7 and 8 users today, and its value will become even greater when Windows 10 is released, here’s why: Windows 10 is built from the ground up to integrate touch, and the new Start Menu has a mouse friendly area and a touch friendly (swipe-able) ‘live tiles’ area. The GT does Mouse and Touch seamlessly – the only mouse to give you the best of both worlds With Windows 10, ‘modern UI’ apps run in windows making them much more useful for keyboard and mouse users. The apps themselves are optimized for touch but will have less screen real estate when run in a window, increasing the need for easy panning and flicking – something the GT excels at GT is an ideal device for Windows 7 users who will be upgrading directly to Windows 10 because it will give them the power of truly natural touch in the device they are comfortable with, making it easy for them to enjoy the benefits of new touch features in Windows 10. Windows 10 offers a smooth transition between interfaces designed for touch and interfaces designed with the keyboard and mouse in mind. GT is the device that works very well in both! You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Regardless of your current Windows version, getting GT today will pay off immediately and also help you make an easy transition to Windows 10 when it is officially released.Perfect fit for your lifestyle across your various devicesThe GT is designed to fit your lifestyle and work across your various devices and computer setups. It does a fantastic job in Windows 7, 8 and 10, and it works with your Mac laptop or desktop, Android and even an iPad (when using a Remote Desktop Connection). It does not care if you have a touch or a non-touch display! From home to office - wherever you go, GT is with you all the way. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Are you an iPad remote desktop developer wanting to include mouse support? We have developed an easy to implement SDK. Please contact us via Kickstarter or write directly to partners@swiftpoint.com if you are interested.What’s in the box? The GT is designed to operate on all of your devices, including laptops on the go. So, we decided it needed to travel in style. We have included a custom-designed carry case to hold GT and accessories in one convenient package. Use it for long distance traveling or just everyday commuting.The accessories include: USB receiver (which also operates as the charger for your GT) Full size fold-up mouse mat that can be used for mousing on a desk. Palm-rest mat, which keeps the GT secure on your laptop palm-rest while you type. Parking Spot – use it to magnetically attach the GT to the top of your laptop, or anywhere you choose. Spare Stylus Nibs and a Cleaning Cloth All of these beautifully wrapped up in small stylish travel case, as illustrated by the concept drawing below: It’s not our first “World First” Several years ago we launched our first mobile mouse device to the market. The ergonomic ‘pen like grip’ design, now carried forward to Swiftpoint GT, caught the attention of Popular Science magazine, where it made the magazine’s top 100 inventions of the year list. In a direct comparison with products from Microsoft and Logitech, the Wall Street Journal rated it as the best mobile mouse and it went on to became a top seller on Costco.com, the second largest retail chain in the US. The technology - behind the scenes Two modes of operationGT works in two modes: Point and click mode where you use it as a traditional mouse and Touch gesture mode accessed by tilting the mouse over slightly to use the stylus underneath. It allows the user a natural swipe or flick action with finger, wrist and forearm movement. Easy switching between clicking and touch gesture modes is a huge benefit for users who alternate frequently between scrolling and placing the cursor in a precise position, for example in MS Excel or Word, or other office / productivity applications. We have protected with patents all key innovations that underpin this design.Bluetooth 4 Low EnergyThis new Bluetooth protocol utilizes Bluetooth low energy or Bluetooth LE. Compared to Classic Bluetooth, Bluetooth LE provides considerably reduced power consumption while maintaining a similar communication range. This means your GT battery will last even longer. Just a 30 second charge will give you 1 hour of use and a full charge will give 2 - 4 weeks use!Compatibility and system requirementsSystems Requirements: Hardware: 1 x USB port if connected via wireless USB (if the connection is via Bluetooth 4, the USB dongle is only used for charging the mouse and can be plugged into any other device that has a USB port) Operating Systems: Windows 7 or higher / Mac OS 10.4 or higher / iOS 7 or higher / Android 3.0 or higher / Linux Compatibility limitations: Windows 7 and Linux do not support Bluetooth 4 but full operation is supported when used with the supplied wireless USB receiver Bluetooth 4 is only supported in Android Kit Kat (4.4) and above Who we are - the Swiftpoint team We are an agile company with a nucleus of highly experienced professionals passionate about making technology that is relevant and makes a difference in our everyday life: Grant Odgers: Grant is the founder of Swiftpoint. His inventions have received best of class recognition by the Wall Street Journal and Popular Science magazine and featured on CNN and BBC. Prior to founding Swiftpoint he worked at a wide range of companies including The Home Shoppers Network, U.S Government Departments in Washington DC, and Air New Zealand. Grant is an avid Kickstarter having backed 12 projects.Leon Erasmuson: Leon’s experience spans over 25 years working for major international companies implementing lean design management systems and processes, product tooling, and manufacturing. His key focus for the last 10 years has been integration of design systems to ensure that user needs, both observed and latent, are clearly discovered, understood, distilled and delivered. Andrei Link: Andrei has worked for over 20 years in high tech product, project and marketing management roles. His experience includes working at a global Silicon Valley company listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange, co-founding a software localization tools company, and publishing articles in the "Multilingual Computing" magazine. Blair Mackle: Blair is a Mechanical Designer with 14 years of design experience mainly in hand held electronic enclosures. He is passionate about all aspects of product design with a focus towards mechanical design and end user experience. Why we are launching on Kickstarter and how your support helps Basically, it’s about loyalty.Firstly, our existing customers have given us a lot of great feedback and amazing suggestions. Kickstarter lets us offer them our new generation product early and at a price lower than when the product launches for the mass market. Secondly, we are all active supporters of the Kickstarter community and have collectively backed 20 projects. We want to offer the Kickstarter community the same opportunity to get our new product early and at an attractive price. Kickstarter lets us say “Thanks” to our loyal customer base and also support a community of people who love great ideas. With the research and development phase complete, we are now in the Release to Manufacturing phase. The first production run is scheduled to be completed by the end of November and we are planning to start shipping in the first week of December. We will be shipping from warehouses in the US and in New Zealand to ensure fast delivery times for orders from all locations.Your pledges will be added it to the existing project reserves set aside for buying components and paying up-front costs to our manufacturing partner (a highly regarded electronics company with customers from the US, Europe, Asia). Help us launch the Swiftpoint GT and be one of the first in the world to own one!The rewards November 18: We are now also offering Gift Packs with three, four or five Swiftpoint GT devices, each in full retail packaging with all accessories included. Please see the reward list on the right. Risks and challenges The Research & Development phase is completed, with just a few minor tweaks remaining to be made. The product has been extensively tested and we don’t believe there are any material R&D risks. We are now in the Release to Manufacturing phase working with a highly regarded electronics manufacturing company with customers from the US, Europe and all around the world. They have robust processes for managing supply chain, labor relations, quality and other manufacturing-related risks. We don’t believe there any material risks in this area. The first production run is on target to be completed by the end of November. There is a risk that we won’t be able to meet the deadline due to unforeseen circumstances, but as we’ve already ironed out all the kinks, and completed many pre-production runs we believe this risk is low. We expect to start shipping in the first week of December from our warehouses in the US and New Zealand. It should not take your reward more than 5 - 10 days to reach you, however there is a risk that it may take longer at this time of the year. Finally, there is a risk that some reward options will become unavailable quickly due to high demand :-) Learn about accountability on Kickstarter