Late arrival? Paypal pre-order is still open: you can still pre-order here>>>>http://www.c64audio.com/reformation.html PLEASE NOTE THE NON UK SIGNED FOR SHIPPING CHARGE IS IN ADDITION TO ANY EXISTING SHIPPING CHARGES YOU MAY ALREADY HAVE. Last Ninja 2 image above used with the kind permission of System 3. No Credit/Debit Card Then Click Link Belowhttp://www.c64audio.com/reformation.html EVERY LEVEL 1+ BACKER NOW RECEIVES A BONUS DOWNLOAD CODE FOR THE FULL VERSION OF MY 2014 REMAKE OF ROB HUBBARD'S CLASSIC SANXION LOADER aka THALAMUSIC.LISTEN TO THE PREVIEW BELOW>>> Stretch goals >>>> NEW STAGGERED STRETCH GOALSALL OF THESE HAVE NOW BEEN REACHED This is now a staggered stretch goal and as each small goal is hit, then I will remake an additional track by my favourite C64 musicians the legendary Rob Hubbard & Martin Galway AND now Chris Huelsbeck will remake one of my C64 Tracks and Chris will remake a further track of mine together with Audun Sorlie and "Hotline Miami" & "Spelunky" composer Eirik Suhrke working as a production team. I will also in turn remake a classic Chris Huelsbeck track.This is how it will work - £61,500 - The replacement Rob Hubbard track, as Sanxion is now a given. This will be a mystery track chosen by myself at a later date. THIS HAS NOW BEEN REACHED. £63,000 - Green Beret Loader by Martin Galway. THIS HAS NOW BEEN REACHED. £64,500 - A Chris Huelsbeck classic chosen by myself and remade by me also. THIS HAS NOW BEEN REACHED. £66,000 - Arcade Classics by Rob Hubbard.THIS HAS NOW BEEN REACHED. £67,500 - Rambo First Blood Part 2 Loader by Martin Galway. THIS HAS NOW BEEN REACHED. £69,000 - A Matt Gray track remade by Chris Huelsbeck.THIS HAS NOW BEEN REACHED. £70,500 - Knucklebusters by Rob Hubbard. THIS HAS NOW BEEN REACHED. £72,000 - A Matt Gray track remade by Chris Huelsbeck, Audun Sorlie and Eirik Suhrke. THIS HAS NOW BEEN REACHED. £73,500 - Arkanoid by Martin Galway. THIS HAS NOW BEEN REACHED. £75,000 - All the above remakes on a physical CD for Level 2+ backers. Level 1 will be downloads only. THIS HAS NOW BEEN REACHED. £40,000 – SID STRETCH WAS REACHED AND NOW THE £50,000 STRETCH HAS ALSO BEEN REACHED TO GIVE ALL LEVEL 2+ BACKERS THE REFORMATION AND LAST NINJA 2 BADGES.This goal has now been hit, and the album will now become a 3 disk set, because I will produce six new SIDs for a real Commodore 64 (and obviously put them on audio CD as well). Anyone opting for the Last Ninja 2 picture disk will now effectively have FOUR CDs - LN2 picture disk + Double album disks + SID disk. Level 2+ backers will also receive the Reformation and Last Ninja 2 badges as we pass through the £50k barrier. £60,000 – BOX SET STRETCH WAS ALSO REACHED TO GIVE ALL BACKERS THE EXTRA TEN REMAKE TRACKS. This goal has now been hit, so I will add a further CD with another 10 remakes from my games soundtracks to make the album a TRIPLE CD.So backers of Level 2 will get a triple CD album + SID disk whilst backers of Level 3 and upwards will get FIVE disks - Triple album disks + SID disk + LN2 picture disk. Level 1 backers will get downloads of Reformation includng the ten remakes and the SIX new SIDs and also the Sanxion Remake download. Chris Huelsbeck Audun Sørlie & Eirik Suhrke Stretch important notice“Please note that if stretch goals are reached, the estimated delivery times will increase by three to four months”Special thanks to Mark Cale at System 3 for kind permission to use images and logos relating to Last Ninja 2, Tusker, Dominator, Vendetta and Bangkok Knights. An Introduction In 1986 when I first set out to write music on the Commodore 64, I was mindful of the impressive catalogues from legends like Rob Hubbard and Martin Galway. The SID chip was a fully working synth capable of sounds that even now are impossible on other synths. However, it only had 3 monophonic channels and Rob and Martin pushed it to its limits. They set the bar high.At the time I wasn't sure if I'd be able break through into games music, let alone compete with them. But after a few early hiccups, 1987 saw my entry into the industry with well received SID tracks including Quedex for Thalamus and Driller for Incentive. Soon, I found my SID music was in demand. In 1988, I was lucky to have the opportunity to produce the whole soundtrack for System 3's Last Ninja 2, the sequel to a C64 mega-smash. I was given free rein to produce the coolest music I could. The game was an international smash selling millions of units. But that was then, and I was amazed to discover some 25 years later that there was still a thriving global community of SID and LN2 fans listening to the original tracks, and producing remixes and remakes.I started to imagine just how far I could have developed my game soundtracks if I had the technology then that was available now. The boundaries were now limitless. What if I revisited some of the soundtracks and remade them? What if I used elements of the original SIDs but enhanced the areas where I had to compromise originally? When Chris Abbott of C64Audio.com suggested a Kickstarter, I decided on a "trial run" of just one track to demonstrate to both myself and the fans that it could work. The result was "The Central Park Loader Theme 2014 from The Last Ninja 2" https://mattgray1.bandcamp.com/track/central-park-loader-theme-2014-from-the-last-ninja-2 The preview racked up 5,000 plays on Soundcloud in 2 days (a feat normally reserved for much bigger artists and releases). I also received a ton of high praise and messages from fans (thanks!), And so it was that I decided I should take the time to shoot for a bigger project - an extended album of remakes based on my best loved C64 tracks."Reformation" will be an extensive album of hopefully-stunning new remakes, featuring all of my best C64 tracks, plus stretch-goal surprises. Last Ninja 2 gameplay image used with the kind permission of System 3. What do you get?This Kickstarter is about two main products. 1) “Reformation” a double remake album with around 18-20 of my most popular tracks. This will also be the basis of the digital download. The track listing will be open to some revision but there will almost certainly be At least 6 tracks from The Last Ninja 2 At least 2 tracks from Tusker At least 2 tracks from Dominator Driller Bangkok Knights Hunter's Moon Vendetta Maze Mania Quedex Motocross Treasure Island Dizzy And others System 3 game logos above used with the kind permission of System 3. 2) “Last Ninja 2” a standalone picture disk CD with a booklet containing the entire Last Ninja 2 soundtrack remade by me. It will be highly collectible, and it will never be re-pressed. Digital download of the LN2 album will be available to LN2 CD backers, but not as a pledge on its own. Last Ninja 2 image above used with the kind permission of System 3. But there are plenty of reward options to add in to your pledge.How about this Limited Edition Picturedisk 12" Vinyl Version? Last Ninja 2 image above used with the kind permission of System 3. Or go for the definitive Limited Edition of everything. Just 300 of these will be produced. Last Ninja 2 image above used with the kind permission of System 3. What do the production costs involve?Production costs will obviously include CD mastering and manufacturing, packaging design and production and postage costs. On the recording front I'll be playing a lot of the music myself,but I'll also be utilising various top class session players for certain tracks to provide additional drums, guitars, bass, keys and strings. That not only involves session costs, but also recording studio costs. To keep some costs down I will be mixing the album myself (don't worry I've successfully mixed a number of hit records). Obviously this project will take up the vast majority of my working life for anywhere between 9 to 12 months and like everyone else I have living expenses and bills to pay. Undoubtedly if you the backers are providing the financial means to make this album happen, then I will be required to focus almost exclusively on creating and producing it to the highest standard. That's a full time commitment, but if we can reach the funding goals then I can fulfill that.And there's moreIn addition to my efforts and those of various top level session musicians I will involve in the recording of this album, there will be contributions on the design and artwork front by C64 all round fan Sam (Bitmap Books) Dyer and Trevor Storey. Sam also designed the graphics for this Kickstarter page and don't they look great? So the end product will not only sound great - it will also look great.I'm really looking forward to producing this album. All we need now is for plenty of others to really want to see and hear it happen too.ThanksMatt Gray Artwork NoteAll images or logos relating to System 3 games are used with the kind permission of System 3.Please note that the artwork and designs are place holders and not necessarily the final designs and may differ from those shown on the end product. This obviously applies to the T Shirt reward and LN2 album. GamesYouLoved Special thanks to GamesYouLoved who have been major supporter of me and this album project. GamesYouLoved is born out a love of retro games of every description from your childhood. By being reminded of the retro games through images and video, what people say about them and things you were doing at the time, you are unlocking these memories to see, share and enjoy. They love retro gaming! Sub: www.youtube.com/user/gamesyoulovedFollow: https://twitter.com/gamesyoulovedFacebook: www.facebook.com/gamesyoulovedWebsite: http://www.gamesyouloved.com/ Funstock are Europe's Number One Retro Gaming Destination and home to products such as the Neo Geo X, Dingoo and JXD handheld. Funstock will be the exclusive retailer for the CD version of the Reformation album. Follow: https://twitter.com/FunStockGamesFacebook:https://www.facebook.com/funstockgamesWebsite: http://www.funstock.co.uk/And some acknowledgements to just some of the many other people who have supported and assisted with this project so far. www.c64audio.com http://www.bitmapbooks.co.uk/ http://smilastorey.wix.com/trevor-storey http://www.c64.com http://www.longplays.org/news.phphttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVi6ofFy7QyJJrZ9l0-fwbQ www.effective-group.com www.ascapestudios.com reset.cbm8bit.com http://theywereourgods.com http://www.sound-of-games.com/ www.fusionretrobooks.com www.radio-paralax.de http://atlantis-prophecy.org www.slayradio.org http://scenesat.com/promote Also special thanks to Chris Abbott, Sam Dyer, Games You Loved, Funstock, Hugh Riley, Trevor Storey, Gerhard Weihrauch, World Of Longplays, Guy Mille, Paul Campbell, Andy Roberts, Michael Stoeckemann, Filipp Issa, Jan Zottmann, Andreas Wallstrom, Ascape Studios, Matt James, Mat "Mayhem" Allen, Kevin Tilley, Paul Morrison, Chris Wilkins, Radio Paralax, Retro Radio, David "Jazzcat" Simmons, John “Ziphoid” Carehag at SceneSat Radio, Slay Radio, Retro Revival Radio, Anthony at Elite Archives and Mat Recardo. £61,500 - The replacement Rob Hubbard track, as Sanxion is now a given. This will be a mystery track chosen by myself at a later date.£63,000 - Green Beret Loader by Martin Galway.£64,500 - A Chris Huelsbeck classic chosen by myself and remade by me also.£66,000 - Arcade Classics by Rob Hubbard.£67,500 - Rambo First Blood Part 2 Loader by Martin Galway.£69,000 - A Matt Gray track remade by Chris Huelsbeck.£70,500 - Knucklebusters by Rob Hubbard£72,000 - A Matt Gray track remade by Chris Huelsbeck, Audun Sorlie and Eirik Suhrke£73,500 - Arkanoid by Martin Galway£75,000 - All the above remakes on a physical CD for Level 2+ backers. Level 1 will be downloads only. Risks and challenges Whilst this is a large project to undertake, it's a very achievable goal. Remaking so many tracks will be time consuming, but I have almost 25 years experience in the recording industry and I have a good knowledge of what sort of timescales are needed to accomplish this album. I'm well used to delivering to targets from years in the games industry and through the recording of singles and albums for release. If the funding goal is reached then work will start almost immediately. For the initial goal of a double CD album with 18-20 tracks, there will be a 7-8 months recording and production schedule. Mixing each track as I go, the final result will be a matter of review and then release. For the stretch goal of a triple CD album with 30 tracks plus 6 brand new totally original exclusve SID only compositions, a 11-12 month recording and production schedule will be required. To give some idea of SID compositions timescales, all 13 Last Ninja 2 SID's were completed within 3 months of work. For both goals there will be a month to manufacture and distribute the album. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter