Ariel Sky is the name of the most revolutionary EMR/EHR that will hit the market. With or without help, this will be a success...it will just take a little longer.Ariel Sky is deeply rooted in the idea that communication between physicians and clinicians with different locations and at different levels should be more transparent and much easier. As it stands now, it is much more difficult for that communication and collaboration to occur and the patient pays the price by having to run everywhere to request and receive copies of their medical records. And, physicians do not always have the staff available to handle all of these requests. With this in mind, a small company was formed to "shake up" the medical industry...combining an EMR, Practice Management, Patient Portal (this one is really cool) and other aspects to create an EHR...all for a fraction of what physicians now pay, for much more complicated and cumbersome systems. Guess who gets to pay for the complicated and cumbersome systems and the processes associated with them? If you guessed the patient (you and I), you would be correct.Ariel Sky will allow your chiropractor to see your medical notes (if they are subscribed to the system), your dentist to see medical information that may be pertinent before performing a procedure (again, if they subscribe to the system), etc. In a nutshell, collaboration at a very high level and a very low level...Imagine that!!On top of that, physicians and clinicians will find it very easy to submit electronic claims to insurance companies, submit electronic invoices to patients and schedule the appropriate staff for the appropriate time based off of charting and metrics.Staff will benefit, heavily, by having access to an LMS for e-learning and maintaining CEUs...watch a presentation, take a test, earn CEUs....during their lunch hour or any other time. There will also be videos of procedures, documentation of ailments and diseases, etc...think of it as e-learning meets Web MD.Patients will benefit, strongly, by having a patient portal. Imagine, you can make a request to schedule an appoint; request a copy of your medical records...you can pick them up, have them mailed to you or securely emailed to you; see a copy of your medications and the dosages; view copies of your x-rays or other imaging; look up a physician within a local area based on zip code.And, ONE of the best parts is that is completely web-based...access records and information....using DOD grade encryption....on your phone, your tablet, your laptop or your desktop. Anytime. Anywhere.And, of course, we are 100% HIPAA compliant and will be 100% certified by the time Ariel Sky launches. Moreover, we are committed to the EHR Developer Code Of Conduct as set forth by the EHRA. Risks and challenges The risks and challenges are that there are some vendors with some VERY deep pockets that can do this as well. Will they? Probably not. After all, they have shareholders to please, so they need to squeeze every nickel and dime out of the physicians and clinicians. Again, when that happens, guess who pays? Learn about accountability on Kickstarter