So We don't have much time left and Ive been thinking!!! We still want your support! Kickstarter will not debit the accounts of anyone who has donated bc we haven't raised all the funds(there rules not ours) so:IF YOU MISSED THE DEADLINE OR STILL WANT TO SUPPORT THE PROJECT PLEASE DO SO VIA PAYPAL.WE WILL STILL HONOR ALL OF THE REWARDS LISTED HERE ON KICKSTARTER!HERE'S HOW TO DO IT:1. Log onto Paypal.com 2. Click the "SEND MONEY" tab and enter the information shown below: 3. Enter the amount you would like to pledge and hit "CONTINUE".IT'S THAT SIMPLE!!!THANKS!We believe this project is worth giving another chance!!!! WHY WE CHOOSE KICK STARTER?Kickstater is a Creative way that Creative people (like us) can get the help and the support needed for there projects. We create a page, set a fundraising goal, set a time frame, and offer Incentives for your support. The best part about Kickstarter is that it is a ALL or NOTHING Fundraising Initiative that means we need all $9,999. Even one dollar short of our goal means Every Penny is refunded and we get zero dineros! :(SYNOPSISThe series follows Myriam Jayde, a women who discovers through vivid dreams and haunting visions the disturbing secerts to her past.Being adopted, Myriam has all but given up on trying to find out who she is and her adopted mother Kate is zero help in this aspect. This has caused unhealthy, frivolous relationships with men, along with a deep need to help others in her client- centered therapy practice.The series begins when Myriam meets Charity and begins to have increased visions about a strange man seeking to harm her. Things become complicated when Myriam discovers that her dreams, Charity, and her uncanny connection to the strange man hold the key to helping her discover who she really is.WHAT DOES THIS MONEY GO TOWARDS?Making a QUALITY film and/or television series requires a lot of resources and talented professional individuals. We are shooting all our episodes at the same time, the equivalence of an entire feature film!Because we are offering the final show to the public for FREE, we need all of the help we can get. All of the donations we receive will help go towards:-Salaries for the Cast and Crew: To hire the best people possible.-Equipment Rental: Proper tools provide for a more quality product.-Production Design: Props and Wardrobe to help bring the script to life.-Special Effects: Makeup and Visual effects will give the show a larger scope.-Location Fees: Renting locations needed to help achieve the show's look.-Catering: Keeping the Cast & Crew nourished during the long shooting days.-Editing and Music: To edit and add a music score to the episodesWHAT ELSE CAN I DO TO HELP? After donating, the next most important thing you can do is announce our campaign to your friends. Share our videos and links to our Kickstarter campaign/website on your Facebook profile and Twitter feeds for all friends and family to see.Also, please join our Facebook group at: https://www.facebook.com/pages/JaydeSeries/245195802172418Promote this project to your friends & family to help make this show a reality!WHO WE AREDerron Campbell - Director/Director of Photography/ProducerArtisha Mann - Writer/Producer/ActorSean Behrens - Co-writerStarringArtisha MannAdam PetherbridgeLilly WarrinerErik LaPointeGreg PaulHOW CAN I LEARN MORE ABOUT YOU?There are several ways.You can visit our website at:www.jaydeseries.comOr view our facebook page at: https://www.facebook.com/pages/JaydeSeries/245195802172418Twitter:Http://www.Twitter.com/Jaydeseries Risks and challenges A project can have many mishaps when filming. Here are some of the things we have to overcome. - bad weather... too sunny, too windy, too wet - enough outlets for all the equipment usage, - completed and approved location permits by our production date - construction crews, airplanes overhead or loud noises in the shooting area - many more challenges. It is a challenge to be a filmmaker however if you love films like we do, you understand why we continue to do it. Archeia Entertainment hires qualified industry professionals who are prepared for the challenges and risk that may occur in a production. We look forward to overcoming these challenge to provide you, our viewers with quality media content. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter