Suki Kirai is a website dedicated to gamers, anime fans, and cosplayers. we have different sections to suit everyones tastes, from e-sports to anime.Our goal with Suki Kirai is to provide a place for people to come together and enjoy whatever we want, under the combined passion of gaming. we have a few key plans that will be the main pillars of the websites.Firstly, we are endeavoring to create a place for people who are up and coming in an e-sports scene to find an opportunity to break through to the pro scene. Through the site we plan on having articles, guides, and other resources for people to utilize for self (or team) improvement. We also hope to offer partnerships with teams or players that need help breaking into the professional scene.Another crux of the website will be game streaming. The gamer community is interactive by nature, and one of the most interactive forms of media is streaming. It allows for a direct connection between the content producer and the consumer. This is why we are making game streaming a top priority for our community.The third pillar of our website will be anime forum-space. We intend to provide this in addition to anime distribution, allowing anime fans from all over the world to converse in a single community. We will offer something from the casual observer to the most die hard fans.Our final pillar is the cosplaying section. not only will we offer forum-space and means for get togethers, but we will also allow user created tutorials and reviews for shops that sell cosplay materials.Stretch Goals:while we wish that $2500 would be enough for everything that we would want, with more funding we are able to achieve more in a shorter timespan of course. Here are some of our goals should we surpass the base goal.$2500:When we reach this initial goal, we will be able to launch the site starting in February. With the launch of the site we will have game streaming, forum-space for everyone, user created tutorials, and cosplay material reviews$3000: On site launch we will have sponsorship available for e-sports teams immediately, as well as an application system.$4000: on site launch we will have our own official cosplay material reviewer, and we will have a system to allow anime/cosplay fans to meet up, based off of location, specific animes, and age groups at least. Risks and challenges We tackle our problems by finding people who are willing to help us solve them. if something comes up and we can't solve it ourselves, we find people who can solve it. we will tackle financial issues by continuing to find investors. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter