MiRambla.com is an Events' website, existing and running since July, 2015. It is structured as a social network. The goal of this project is to raise funds to better promote it, increase its potential and create MiRambla App for iPhone and Android. I thus invite you to visit the website, to become fully operational. 1 - What's MiRambla.com? MiRambla.com is an event's website. The goal of MiRambla is to offer final users a "customized" service in the field of events, parties, entertainment, sport, live performances etc... In this way, users participate actively: they never lose touch with their passions and, more importantly, they are never passive spectators of invites to events and shows which do not interest them at all. 2 - How does it work? The website MiRambla.com works based on the fact that all users can create their own Diary of events and, above all, choose from a list of Ramblers those for which they want to receive notifications to be always up-to-date and never miss any shows and events relating to their passions. 3 – What are Ramblers? The term Ramblers indicates all the subjects interacting on MiRambla. Hence, Ramblers are: - All MiRambla's users; - The locations hosting the events created by the users; - The guest stars to the events. All Ramblers have a unique nickname that you can use to find them, as well as their own profile with a customized image, description and contact information, and which can be enriched with even more images and videos; in this way you can create a real introduction page. 3.1 After I signed in, how many Ramblers can I register? Once you signed in through the traditional Login or via Facebook , each account can manage infinite number of Ramblers, so that with just one account you can manage the Ramblers of you own band , your own team , your own company or of your pub. 4 – How can I register? You can register to the MiRambla website through your Facebook account or, more "traditionally", by entering your personal data and obtaining a username and password. Once you have registered your account, you can start creating Ramblers. Each account can manage different Ramblers. 5 – What is the Dashboard? From the Dashboard you can entirely manage your account, create events and access your Diary. This is where events organized near your area, events of the Ramblers you follow and nearby events are published; also in the Dashboard you will find suggestions for Ramblers in the area and you can visualize the Ramblers you are already following. The Dashboard is really the control panel for your account. You can access the Dashboard by logging in, registering with your data or through your Facebook account. 6- What is the Diary? The Diary is where all the events you take part in are posted day by day. Title, place and time of each event will be published. If an event stretches over more than one day, it will be reported on the Diary for all the days in which it takes place. On the right of the page there are the monthly calendars: simply click on the day you want, to see which events were recorded on the Diary. 7- How can I create an Event? Through the Dashboard you can access the Create Event section and create the event in a few simple steps. In the first page you enter the basic information on the event, the photo and link to an existing Facebook event, if any. On this page, from a drop-down menu, you can select the Rambler (among all those you created) which will publish the Event. If necessary, you can create a new Rambler directly from this page, clicking on Create Rambler. In the second page you can select the categories and audience of the event, as well as the price of the ticket. In the third page you can choose the place of the event: you can select one of the locations previously added or create a new one from scratch, otherwise you can decide to add only the address with no further information about the venue. In the fourth page you can add guests to the event: you can create new ones or select them from the list of existing Ramblers. With the fifth and last page the event is finally created. Now you can share it on the different social networks or you can add photos and videos to the page of the event. 8- Can I edit my Events? You can edit your Events from the Create Events section which you can access through the Dashboard. More precisely, go to the final part of the Dashboard. 9- How can I create Events or Ramblers? From the Dashboard you can launch a search to look for Events or individual Ramblers in three different ways: - WHAT. You can search for keywords contained in the title of the Event, in the description of the Event, in the category of the Event or in the name of the Rambler (to look for a specific Rambler it is preferable to know its Nickname). - WHERE. You can search for the city where the Event will take place or where the Rambler is based. - WHAT & WHERE. You can combine the two search modes described above. With the advanced search feature you can add filters to the previous search methods to obtain more specific and detailed results. Both with the simple and advanced search, the results are displayed in an ad hoc screen as a list where each item is geolocated on the Map at the top of the screen. 10 - How can I delete my account? To delete your Rambler accounts is necessary to click on its name in the Dashboard. In the menu that appears, select Edit Data . On the right the button Delete Account is shown, click on it. Remember that once you delete your account, you will delete also all the events and Ramblers created by the Rambler deleted. Risks and challenges http://www.mirambla.com/en/page/faq.php Learn about accountability on Kickstarter