What is Bidbord? I am creating a location online for customers and businesses to find each other. Essentially how it works, a customer will post on Bidbord a task they need completed. This task could be anything from a baby sitter, dog groomer, a delivery, maybe even a renovation. Local businesses in the customers area will be notified when a post has been made with their criteria. The businesses then send bids to the customer to try and win the task. Once the bidding is closed the customer then has the choice as to which business they want to work with. They can make a choice according to the lowest bid or check out the business profile page for reviews from other clients. Once the client agrees to the bid they will pay Bidbord, the business will then be notified of the payment made. Bidbord will securely hold the payment until the task is registered as complete. This will prove to the business the customer has paid and it will insure the customer the job will be complete. After all transactions have been made we will kindly ask for both the business and customer to review each other.What is the benefit of Bidbord to the average customer? For Clients/Customers on Bidbord the benefit to you will be getting the best possible price for the task you need completed. This combined with the ability to see reviews and past projects complete by the business, will give you the best buying experience. Clients will also experience secure payments through Bidbord. We will hold the payment for the task until the task is registered as complete. Finding a great local business at the right price is hard to find, Bidbord is here to make that process easier. What is the Benefit of Bidbord to the average business? Now a days it has become extremely hard to advertise, getting return on your advertisement has proven to be even more challenging. Bidbord is opening up the door of opportunity to all businesses by providing you with ready to buy clients at your finger tips. They will set up a profile page including all business information; gallery, portfolio, industry etc. Bidbord will then notify of tasks available or they can browse in categories matching the criteria and location of the business. These areas will be filled with local clients ready to buy now! Its up to them to give them the best offer and convince the client why they ARE the best person for the job. Adding the secure payment setting to the site allows the business to be insured they will be paid for the work they have completed. With on the other hand giving comfort to the customer knowing the job will be completed before payment id delivered. Why and How I came up with Bidbord. I have worked in the Interior Design Industry for many years. With in those 6 years the questions I always got asked from clients "who do you recommend and how much would they charge for my job?" and from contractors "Do you know anyone that needs work done?". I decided to take this idea and expand it, it can not be the only industry that is experiencing this. Why not have one location for both clients and business to go and find each other. I realize there are many websites that allow clients to find a business that will have reviews. However you will need to take down the information, call or email them and who knows if they will ever get back you! Why not let the businesses come to you and compete to win your job? We all want the best price for something we need done and of course done correctly and on time. Again going back to these other review and business listing sites, how do you know what one will give you the best price for high quality work? With Bidbord you can get all of this at one location, business reviews and auction style bidding so you get the best price for a task you need completed. On the flip side going back to the questions the contractors where asking. They are always constantly looking for new work, and it gets very time consuming and costly to drive from place to place to quote. Why not have clients that are all ready to buy right now all on one site together organized by the type of tasks needed completed. This will help save time and money running around quoting 10 jobs and getting only 1. Offering the ability to include reviews of your business and even pictures of past jobs completed with help eliminate some bought in the eyes of the client. Now comes the question of "how do I know their are going to complete the job and not just take my money and run?" business also worry "how do I know I'm not going to complete the job and never get paid?". Bidbord has also come up with a solution for this age old question as well. Clients are required to pay for the entire job in advance, now don't faint! You will be passing the money along to Bidbord not the business, we will hold this money until the task is completed. This will prove to the businesses that clients are doing dealings with that the money is there and available. This will also help insure the task will actually be completed by the business because they are not able to receive the money until the job is actually complete. I have taken a step back and instead of just dealing with the questions as they come, why not provide something to eliminate them to begin with. Bidbord has provided a solution that every person and business will come across in their life time over and over again. Stick with us and we will provide clients with quality work at great prices. For businesses we provide a new way to advertise and find quality leads that will pay. Why I am raising money At this point you may be wondering "ok so why exactly does she need this money?". Well let me tell you! I have come to find out building a website to this degree of complication comes with a price tag much higher then expected. I have background knowledge of web design and web advertising however this design is completely out of my skill set. Advertising and promotion are also one of the main things I need funding for. I would like to advertise on all major sites getting the most views possible. As you can see I have all the Ideas laid out and ready to go, now I just need the backing to make the dream come to life.I am a one woman show and I am going to take this project to the end. I hope you can see the dedication and appreciate the effort and enthusiasm I have put forth. Please feel free to read more about me and ask any question's you like! Check out what has been created so far for Bidbordwww.bidbord.com - Landing Page Only, for now.FacebookTwitterTumblrDon't forget to follow and share to help support Bidbord! Risks and challenges I believe in every business there will always be risks and challenges, no mater how prepared you are there will always be something to catch you off guard. I come from a sales background so overcoming obstetrical's in my way is something every sales person must deal with. You need to be very quick on your feet to figure out a solution or you will lose the sale. I believe applying the same techniques I have learned in the sales industry will greatly help my venture into this new business. Some of the challenges I foresee in the near future will be getting businesses on to the website to provide multiple quotes for the customers. With this thought in mind I have started social networks and a launch page to start generating buzz. This will help provide me with a great base of clients and business to start off with on launch day. I am also going to pair up with a local advertising company that I also own 50% of. I will be offering a $10 credit towards Bidbord fee's to all businesses that advertise with them. Another obstetrical will be businesses willing to do work without physically having the money in hand. Whit that being said, they will be sent out an email notifying them payment has been made. I will also reassure them at this time they will be paid once the project is complete. The payment paid by the client is their money, however it is just on hold. Many other industries also have similar systems such as Ebay they hold money for 30 days and banks sometimes hold a pay cheque for up to 7 business days. These will be the two main changes at this time however, I have come up with a solution in handling both. I am sure there will be much more to over come and I am more then capable to take a step back analyze the situation and come up with a plan to overcome the problem. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter