Many of you have seen this video where the guy (Alan Watts) asks you what you would do if money were no object. If you’re like me you probably thought to yourself “that guy is right, I should start living my life like that.” Then you would go on with your life sometimes dreaming of all the things you would do if money were no object or thinking that you will do it later when you’ll have your life together and… enough money. Today I decided I most definitely wanted to test what it would be like if money indeed was no object. I just graduated last year so obviously my pockets are not exactly overflowing with money yet and this is why kickstarter is the bomb! With your help I wouldn’t need to think about my financial situation and thus answering the question : What would you do if money were no object? Let me share my ideas of things to do if money wasn’t in the conversation and maybe you’ll want to be part of this experience. Promise I will keep this short and sweet. If it were up to me I would like to: -learn how to surf in Australia -Learn Kung Fu in China -go trekking in Nepal -See a sunset in Peru -Ride on the route 66 in a Cadillac -Eat the best Sushis in Japan -Get to learn 3 languages -Learn Calligraphy -Write a letter to our families from as many countries of the world as possible -Get to the top of the Empire State building and while I’m in New York I would like to take a cab and tell the driver to “Follow that car!” and see a Knicks game too -Go to a world cup final game -Go to the Verdi Opera -Visit pyramids in Egypt -Attend the superbowl -Go on a cruise (a Disney cruise ?) -Talking about Disney, I’d love to go to Disney World in Florida for 3 days of madness like they do in TV Shows -Go in a Safari in Kenya and Tanzania -See Gorillas in Uganda -Skydive in the caribbeans -Play in a Hollywood movie (by play I mean being an extra in the corner of the screen that pretends they’re having coffee) -Follow the path of Phileas Fogg and do a trip around the world in Eighty days -Sleep in the Sahara Desert -Going to places with unpronounceable names like Guadalajara -Visit Europe by train -See all 1000 places of the book "1000 places to see before you die" And many many other things (this, yes, is the “short and sweet” list).The outcome of this would be of course a blog that I would update regularly and let you know where I am at and maybe take suggestions of things that would be even cooler to do. I would also like to turn it into some kind of travel guide with nice addresses etc. After that I hope I will be able to put together a book of photographs and stories to encourage people to be the people they want to be and take that step towards a better life (and also see how awesome the world is). ￼ An early mock up of the book I truly believe that doing all these things, travelling the world and learning from other people make us better people and this is how we make this world a better place (violins please…). By helping me you expose yourself to many cool things. ￼ I will write you letters and postcards ￼ Send you Travel boxes filled with foreign surprises That’s it! Basically this is what I want to do, travel the world, learn and share our experiences so that it might inspire others to do the same. Positivity my friends! ps: Departure is scheduled around April/May 2015 hence the late delivery dates of the rewards. The money raised will cover the cost of the trip around the world, activities, material I will have to buy before departure (a good camera and few lenses) and time spent editing the book. To publish the book I will probably need to start another project so this is why I cannot yet offer a copy of the book in the rewards. Risks and challenges One of my challenges for this project will be to decide where to go and what to do first. This is why I would have an active blog and that I will take suggestions prior to the big departure. Now this is for the fun part. This project has two folds to it. The first part will be the traveling part and keeping the blog alive so that my lovely backers and other people won't get bored with me (even though I'd sometimes like to think of myself as an entertaining person!). The second part will be editing the photography and story book related to this long trip around the world. For both part I am quite confident that I will be one hundred per cent involved in making this the most beautiful project. It would be quite sad to be able to do all these things and not share it in the most beautiful way. And did I mention that I am a graphic designer? You should know that a graphic designer is probably one of the most perfectionist species on earth. No kidding! So a quality outcome is guaranteed. So please back me up, I'll make sure to make it something you want to see and hear about! I already love you all! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter