What is Paranormal?Paranormal is an indie horror game based off the Paranormal Activity movies in which the player controls a character with a camera, recording the hauntings that occur in his house. Paranormal is a dynamic and randomized haunting experience that guarantees a different experience every playthrough.PARANORMAL: The Town -- Paranormal's first free expansion pack will, in essence, be a sequel to the base game. Since it's pretty much an entirely new game, it will take quite some time to complete. The more money we raise on Kickstarter, the more funds we'll have to make The Town quicker and better! Here's a feature list: An entire town to explore with randomly generated content. A new storyline with new characters, including a new main character. New gameplay mechanics (will elaborate at later date). Still played in the found-footage style (like Paranormal Activity and Blair Witch Project). Confirmed locations in the town currently include: A highschool. A graveyard.City streets.A bar.More places will be announced via Kickstarter Announcements. The story will be related to the story from the base game. If you like Silent Hill, you should be excited-that's where we're taking some inspiration from. More story-driven experience while still maintaining the random nature of the game. More features (and eventually a release date) to be announced at a later date via Kickstarter Announcements.Concept Art: Smallview Highschool Smallview Haven Storefronts Follow Me On TwitterBuy Paranormal On DesuraVote For Paranormal On Steam GreenlightThe money raised from this Kickstarter will be spent towards the following: Licenses for software Travel for events like PAX, GDC, etc. Unreal Engine license fees Advertisement fees Voice acting fees 3D models Music Concept art PC hardware Testing computers Cloud storage space Lots and lots of Diet Dr. Pepper for long nights of game development. You've all made my dream come true with Paranormal. Let's work together to make the best and most unique horror experience possible. I am forever in your debt and I would not be where I am without you all. Thank you, with all my heart. Words can not express the gratitude and appreciation I feel for all of you--fans, backers, friends, indie devs, Let's Players, press, bundle organizers, Desura staff, beta testers, Steam, GiantBomb---every single one of you impacted my life in a way that feels like a blessing every day. It really makes long nights of game development worth it. -Matt Cohen Risks and challenges Developing a videogame takes time and effort. If delays happen, I will make sure to make them worth it. I will not release a release date or beta date until I know for sure that I can make it. We've all been promised things before and it sucks when we have to wait extra long, so I'll be honest with you every step of the way. My job is to make games for all of you and I intend to do it responsibly. No false promises. I promise. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter