Healthy Home Score is an app that scores properties on their environmental profile on a scale of 1-100. The ranking criteria includes energy, air, water, and waste. It will help home searchers understand the data and details of an address in quick, easy and understandable way. When searching for your next home you will be able to see immediately how each place scores relative to others you are looking at! The data sets exist today but are not linked together so can not be easily accessed or scored. This is our vision for how to change that. We created and copyrighted a propriety algorithm that analyzes various data fields and indicators into combined category and total scores. The app will also have an upload feature for people to add data about properties such as building materials or known hazards. Home Health Score will harness and share this information for all. We are integrating and translating the environmental data to knit it together. You can know at a glance if the house is at risk of having hazards such as lead paint or asbestos, see whether recycling and composting pickups are provided, learn whether the energy supply is from renewable sources, and if the drinking water is clean. How Will We Do It? Here is where we are, and what we'll do next. Phase 1 is done. We have the algorithm, data sources and architecture done. The next step is Phase 2: coding. We have selected a respected software development company as a partner to ensure quality results that are replicable and maintainable. We have three programmers with successful app design and launch experience advising on feasibility, cost and mechanics. The vendor will have a full time team for two months. We will work closely with them as results come in, to tweak the variables as needed. During Phase 2, we will start Phase 3: approach possible partners about working together. We will assess whether HomeHealthScore should remain a standalone app or become an embedded feature of search or property sites. Our goal is to make the tool available to as many people as possible, so we will seek wide use through licensing or other ways to achieve broad access. Phase 4: Fully operational, app is live! Goal: June 2015. Why Are We Doing It? We have worked in environmental business for years with deep passion for it, and thorough knowledge of existing issues, metrics, and frameworks. Last year we both house-hunted for new homes in the Seattle area for each of our families, striving for that perfect place that is in the right price range, decent commutes, charming, safe, and healthy for our young children. While researching potential properties, Amy found that governments have put more and more information online if one dug into the data. Things like soil liquefaction type, which might indicate earthquake risk. Whether the property was at risk of asbestos or lead in its joints, insulation, and walls. If a water source was advisable to drink or whether filters were recommended. But none of this was available in one place, nor was it possible to do easy comparisons among properties. Amy started mapping out a tool to do this. Ryan has a passion for driving big solutions into the simplest possible interfaces. Having a young family himself, he's constantly searching for the quickest route, most efficient snack packs, and awesome technology that helps his family have a better life. He brings strong business knowledge to the team and helped drive the project from concept to reality. We consulted programmer contacts, learned it was feasible, and decided to launch via Kickstarter because of its stellar reputation for exciting projects and results. So here we are! Possible Partners or "Siblings:" It is similar to WalkScore and Greatschools, but with a different focus area and methodology. It will not include pedestrian-friendly-ness or school rankings, as those teams have that covered! We plan to partner with companies that have wide ranging online reach in search and mapping functions, mobile apps, and real estate to leverage our complementary strengths. They have existing platforms with large user numbers, great for delivery of this tool. We bring the environmental knowledge, data, and scoring methodology. Risks and challenges The risks are manageable, and there is a clear market gap for the product. There are two main risks, and we have a plan for how to mitigate each. First, data integration challenges. We will troubleshoot these during the programming phase. The app can be developed. The final product will follow from which data sets can be integrated well into the platform without manual uploads or multi-click searches. We will launch the tool with the data available in usable format. We will assess the beta framework weekly to decide which data sets feasibility. This process will take two months. Second risk: someone else beats us to market with a similar product. We have copyrighted the concept and content, so HomeHealthScore is protected, but a competitor could emerge. This is a risk in any business. Our plan to minimize risk of it happening is to conduct the programming phase in two months with full-time, reliable coders from a top-ranked vendor, so that we are moving as quickly as possible towards release with a high quality product. Please help us make this happen! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter