People who are passionate about the environment, its health, and its sustainability, but don't have the means, can now be empowered to pursue environmental goals and also and get the financial remuneration they deserve.People who want who are passionate about the environment its health, and its sustainability, but don't have the time, can now empower and incentivise people who are passionate about the environment to pursue their environmental goals.Greengigga.com seeks to harness the inter-connectivity of the internet to connect people from all over the world to pursue the common goal of environmental conservation. The basic concept is freelance part-time environmentalism, based on the peer-to-peer sharing economy. The model is somewhat of a mixture of fiverr and kickstarter, but for jobs that help to conserve and sustain the environment, eg planting trees, cleaning up beaches etc., also known as a greengig. When someone wants to engage in an activity that benefits the environment, they go on greengigga.com and make a post about their greengig. In this post they entail what the activity they want to do is, and also details what they are going to need financial means for, such as seeds or cleaning equipment, but also for things such as transportation, and the total cost for the greengig is formulated. This post is then uploaded onto the greengigga marketplace, where it can be seen by people who are browsing the marketplace and are willing to contribute financially to various environmental efforts. People can contribute as much as they would like to each greengig of their choice. Being a greengigga and contributing to other greengigs is not mutually exclusive, as people can do both. They also look at each other's profile's and see what greengigs people are doing or what greengigs they have contributed to. Once the full cost of the gig is reached, funding stops and the greengigga can complete his greengig. The greengig will have to be completed within a certain time frame, and will also be required to take photos or videos of the activities involved so they can be enjoyed later by the people who contributed. Once these photos and videos are uploaded onto the greengigga's profile, the greengig will be marked as complete and everyone who contributed will be notified and will be able to enjoy the actual visual fruits of their contributions. Once a greengigga completes a greengig in this fashion, he earns a certain amount of points, known as green points. These green points can be spent on other greengigs, or if the greengigga desires, they can redeem those points for real money! This is not only to financially reward people who set aside the time to engage in environmental activities, it will also incentivise more people to become greengiggas and get involved in the important process of environmental conservation. The greengigga gets to pursue their passion for environmental health while making a supplementary income, and the people contributing get to see the real-life tangible results of their contributions. But more important than both of those things, is that the health of the environment will be improved. We have the desire, the human capital and the financial capital to solve all our environmental problems. All we need now is the start up capital to make Greengigga.com a reality. Contribute to our Kickstarter campaign and begin a revolution in how we conserve the environment. Risks and challenges Getting Greengigga off the ground will be no easy task, but here at Greengigga we believe that we have a great idea that can completely change the way we go about environmental conservation, and we will do whatever it takes to achieve this goal. We are confident that we can overcome whatevever challenges we may face in pursuit of making Greengigga.com a reality. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter