Two Stretch Goals down! So the Devil's got his Violin! And is going to Edinburgh!!! Woo-hoo! You've made Satan's heart grow three times its size (don't worry, it's so tiny to begin with, that won't make much of a difference...). Now - on to Hoof Spiders and Fire from Hell... Thanks to all who have backed us so far!! NEWS ALERT! We're heading into the final stretch - and in honor of that fact - the Viewmaster Stretch Rewards have been discounted $25! Check 'em out below!! Also a special bonus - when we reach our second Stretch Goal, all backers will ALSO RECEIVE access to a special Edinburgh Blog of our trip to that Fringe. See firsthand the trials and tribulations of taking the Great Duke of Hell on a road trip! Really, what could go wrong...? (Just picture Satan in the XRay machine, that's all I'm sayin'...)Lastly - Tickets to the show are now on sale!! Here's the link! Of all the things and people who come to Kickstarter - I thank you for supporting theatre. Unless you're local to where it's happening, all of the folk who give their support are doing it in the true Kickstarter fashion. Thanks! That said - let's see how many other of the Devil's Dreams we can make come true!! It's time for Stretch Goals!! Check out the new video at the top if you haven't already!! Got a yearning to see the original videos? They're down below... Along with images of the rewards! Woo-hoo! The Devil and his Minion In The Devil You Say, Satan himself takes the stage in a one act puppet soliloquy to mount his defense and prove who’s really to blame. God? Satan? Someone else...? REWARDS! REWARDS! REWARDS!So, you'd like to see what the rewards actually look like? Ask - and ye shall receive... The Sample Postcards - Stamp not included! The Sample Certificate - Put your name here! The Feather Quill - with vintage steel nib! The Sample T-Shirt - Still deciding, Heather or Black? AND NOW... !! STRETCH REWARDS!! The Viewmaster - 7 scenes from the show in glorious, old-school 3D. Includes the viewer! There are also limited castings of the puppet heads available - inlcuding the Devil himself. And the penultimate - You can have the Devil perform his cabaret favorite, SPELL, live at your event! (*Performance must be local to Los Angeles. Travel not included. Other restrictions and legalities may apply. Remember - the Devil’s in the Details!) The Devil Casts his Spell Like what you see? Well, help yourself while you're helping us! There are some reward combinations, but if you want a different combo - just let me know. And feel free to upgrade your pledge if the new offerings tickle your fancy.(Images are from test samples, not production items. But are pretty dang representative of what you will actually receive...) Bloody wars, violent revolts, man made and natural disasters, cries of Armageddon. Be it the 15th, 18th or our own 21st century, such a landscape provides the perfect backdrop for the ongoing question: Who bears the responsibility – God? Satan? Someone else?In The Devil You Say, Satan himself takes the stage in a one act puppet soliloquy to mount his defense and prove who’s really to blame.Welcome to The Devil You Say’s Kickstarter! This fundraiser is to help out with the show’s production costs for this year’s Hollywood Fringe Festival. I’m Robin Walsh, puppet artist, creator of the show and your host for this Kickstarter. Previous Videos for your information and viewing pleasure... You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 First Update Video... You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 First Pitch Video... MORE ABOUT THE SHOWPuppets:Yes - it's a show with puppets - but not a puppet show for the kids. If the word “puppet” isn’t part of your day to day vernacular, you might be surprised, or even confused by the description of this piece. But modern puppetry, when given the chance, can transcend the label of puppet theatre into what it really is - true theatre. The Original Slapstick Comedy Duo In order to do this, however, we need your support. With it, The Devil You Say can finally realize its full potential. This Fringe production is entirely self-produced and self funded. Which means we need any help we can get! Otherwise, Little Satan may have to get out his slap stick...History: This piece began in the 1990’s when the actress and playwright Yvonne Mitchell (best known for “Woman in a Dressing Gown”) created “Speak of the Devil,” a solo piece for the wonderful British actor, Peter Dennis. Comprised of words, sayings, and dialogue attributed to Satan from the 1400’s to the 1900’s by some of History’s greatest writers: Goethe, Marlowe, Byron and more. With these words Peter Dennis created an evening of eloquence, seduction and mystery. Years later I learned about this piece while working with Peter. I also became fascinated by a singular, plaster sculpture he owned, that of a Devil. This sculpture and the original script provided the inspiration for The Devil You Say, a 45 minute puppet soliloquy. The Inspiration But the 90’s were a very different time than our own. Gone is the time of soft seduction, now is a time of stark differences and blame, where Evil feels closer, seems more real. With puppet governments rising and falling before our eyes – what better time for a puppet Satan? I reworked the text from original piece, creating a completely different Satan, one perhaps more in line with our times. I even added a cameo by Punch and Judy as Adam and Eve. The Devil You Say had its original workshop production at the Atlanta Shakespeare Tavern in 2012, and was the opening night of last year’s LA Puppet Festival. But now it's our chance to hit the big time at the Hollywood Fringe Festival - made possible with your help! Budget: Cast:But who are we and what have we done? The cast is made up of myself as creator, director and lead puppeteer. Adrian Rose Leonard as puppeteer, and Kila Packett is the Voice of the Devil. Robin Walsh has a long history of performing cabaret style pieces around the world, from here in L.A. to New York City, Germany and China. She has built, designed and performed everything from sock puppets for the Oscars to Hollywood movie monsters, as well as several successful, large scale stage shows. Stanford University’s Lively Arts program commissioned her to create two puppet ballets: Stravinsky’s The Firebird and Prokofiev’s Romeo and Juliet and most recently, she collaborated with the Baroque Chamber Orchestra of Colorado on Jean Frery Rebel’s The Elements. She’s worked with her hero Ray Harryhausen on his last film and got to decapitate the real Rudolph puppet from the Rankin/Bass classic (in order to restore him...) Adrian Rose Leonard began exploring professional puppetry in 2007 when she joined the team at Wishing Chair Productions in Nashville, Tennessee. Not only did she discover that she had a knack for manipulating marionettes, but she found the opportunity to indulge her aspirations to design and build puppets of various styles. After moving to Los Angeles in 2011, Adrian had the honor of working at the legendary Bob Baker Marionette Theater, and her puppetry experience began to extend into the realm of television and film. Adrian continues to add to her skill set and looks forward to the discovery and excitement that the world puppetry has to offer. Kila Packett made his Off-Broadway debut in Sir Peter Hall’s production of As You Like It at BAM. Other Off-Broadway: Classic Stage Co., The Pearl Theatre Co., Mabou Mines, and LaMaMa etc. L.A. Theatre: Theatricum Botanicum, Upright Citizens Brigade, Colony Theatre, Studio C Artists, New Musicals Inc., and NoHo Arts Center. TV: “Hawaii Five-O.” He is a founding member of the Plastic Theatre and co-author of, The Secret Court, (Drama Desk nominee for Outstanding Play). MFA: Columbia University’s School of the Arts. Risks and challenges We're doing a live stage production starring Satan - what could possibly go wrong? Somehow, the adage "Play with fire and you're bound to get burned" comes to mind. But I'm more of a "Dance with the Devil" kinda gal. In all honesty however, the workshop and premiere performances are already behind us. With the proper funding, this production of The Devil You Say promises to be the one that really shines. Of course something could still go wrong - but you'll have to come to the show to see it go wrong live and on stage! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter