Download the Glo24 App or visit www.glo24spa.com (coming soon: Glo24 App) Mission Statement: Glo24, is an innovative App & Website for Mobile Spa Services. Our mission is to deliver memorable spa services, being recognized as the most trusted modern day Mobile Spa Service App and Website scheduling system, including: Bodywork, Facials, Nail Work, Hair Care, Professional Make-up and even Chiropractic Services. Glo24 Spa Services Prototypes to similar businesses have been developed by companies such as Uber and Lyft, using Taxi services & Sooth, using Massage services and now Glo24 hopes to bring a modern day Mobile Spa App to the forefront. The Glo24 App & Website creates a bond between customers and qualified technicians, serving as a trusted spa service. Giving customers easy access to highly trained technicians, our App will list available technicians as well as their services and credentials. The customer will be able to book a service, view reviews and credentials, as well as pay right from the App or the website www.Glo24spa.com. From the moment the customer books a service they will be able to easily follow their Therapist or Technician until their arrival and close with a review following their spa service. Appointments are available within a day's notice and can be scheduled as early as a month in advance. Glo24 Logo Our vision at Glo24 is a user friendly App & Website focused on quality mobile spa services, developed for anyone from a bride to be, a working actor or model, a stay at home business professional and the everyday spa goer. Aiming to ensure that all customers receive competitive and qualified technicians from a trusted company; Glo24 hopes to bring outstanding customer service to every location it operates as well as contributing to each community we operate in. At Glo24Spa we inspire to help customers achieve supreme spa services, maintaining a valuable relationship throughout time. Contact us at Glo24 if you wish to become a technician or have any questions at www.Glo24spa.com. Manicure Pedicure Nail Set The Glo24 Pedicure: Pamper yourself with a Glo24 Pedicure, including a nail trim, a filing, a buffing and a polish of your choice. The Glo24 Manicure: Pamper yourself with a Glo24 Manicure, including a nail trim, a filing, a buffing, and a polish of your choice. Professional Makeup Day Rate (Bridal Services/Models/Actors) The Glo24 Makeup Shine: A professional Makeup job by a trained Glo24 Makeup Technician, using spray makeup or regular professional liquid art makeup, great for Wedding day, a modeling or acting gig, or any special occasion. Mini Facial Full Facial The Sunny Glo Facial: A revitalizing treatment focusing on eliminating dead skin cells, a deep cleansing with a mask of the Technicians choice, extractions to smooth the skin surface and an invigorating moisturizing treatment to sooth and tighten the skin. The Glistening Peel: A refreshing peel of the Technicians choice, used to stimulate blood flow to the skin surface, tighten fine lines and leave the customer with radiant looking skin. A sugar Glo of the Technicians choice used to freshen and uplift the skin and release toxins from the customers skin surface, leaving the customer with a baby soft glisten Reiki Session Full Reflexology Session Reflexology Hands or Feet Glo24 Reflexology Session: Reflexology is the ancient art of applying pressure to the soles of the feet and palms of the hands to improve wellness. Reflex points in these areas correspond to organs and systems of the body, and can be manipulated to address ailments. This preventative treatment will help your body to revive itself while in a deep relaxing massage. Glo24 Reiki Session: Energy work with a combination of massage and possible chakra stones will help relieve customers of stagnant energy and blockages triggering chronic pain, eliminate emotional releases as well as eliminate the stresses of daily living. Chiropractic Massage Session: 30 MIN. Chiropractic Acupuncture: 60 MIN. Chiropractic Personalized: 60 MIN. A personalized chiropractic session tailored by a Glo24 Chiropractor; please consult your Chiropractor for any questions or concerns. Package Rewards: Bridal Party Package Deals: A. A two-service special for up to 5 guests! On Wedding Day-Shine with a glow (Makeup & Hair) B. A three-service special of your choice for up to 7 guests! Studio Deals: A. A two- service special for up to 9 guests! (Day Service) B. A three-service special for up to 9 guests! (Reflexology mini session) All Pledge Rewards will be available in LA , New York and Chicago September 2015 Rewards: QUESTIONS 1. When can I expect my shipment? You can expect to receive your shipment starting July 2015. 2. Are my Technicians licensed and insured? Yes, all Glo24 Technicians are licensed, certified and insured. 3. Is there a deadline for using backing promos? Yes, as a Glo24 customer, you are given 3 months to use your Promotions. 4. What if I’m not satisfied with my Technician? If you’re not satisfied will your Glo24 Technician, please submit a review to customer service and that Technician will never be assigned to you again, and for your inconvenience, you will receive a discount on your next service. 5. Will the App and Website scheduling be available at the same time? No, the website scheduling will be available first and the Application will be available for use shortly following. 6. Is there an actual spa location for glo24? No, Glo24 is only a Mobile Spa App and Website scheduling, connecting technicians with customers and the technicians will come directly to the customer’s house, venue, or desired location. 7. Can I schedule a Glo24 Spa Service for a future date? Yes, you can submit a request to schedule a spa service for a future date and you will receive an alert the day of, which, must be confirmed, if there is no confirmation, your service will be forfeited. Glo24 Website www.glo24spa.com Glo24 Mock App Risks and challenges Risks: Product demands may exceed supply and if this happens Glo24 may not be able to meet demand with its current service and production capabilities. In the event that this occurs it may be necessary to expand quickly to meet demands and partner with existing spas for Technicians. In addition Glo24 will be offering competitive compensation as well as company sales goals and incentives, for sales, customer service ratings, as well as Glo24 Community Service contributions. Opportunities: Upon reaching success as a company, Glo24 will then have the opportunity to expand services and sales to additional cities. Marketing will require a significant enhancement of current sales, as well as the expanding locations, and additional staff as well as Glo24 Technicians. Day-to-Day Business Operations: Initially Glo24 will operate off of three different shifts running from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm, from 6:00 pm to 1:00 am, and Early am, from 4:00 am to 12:00pm Monday through Friday, after an increase in sales Glo24 will start to run 24 hours a day from a 3 portal site and Application scheduling service in connection with Glo24 customers service reps and managing leads. What’s Next? 1. Marketing Plan: A. Target Market Glo24 is positioned to provide mobile call spa service to Brides, Actors & Models, Home Based Business Professionals, as well as everyday customers. B. Location Analysis: The Los Angeles area, The New York area, The Miami Area, The Las Vegas area and The Chicago area, will all be initial starting locations with demands because of the population of the Film and Music industries, as well as high home based business professional living across these areas. 2. Financial Engineering Pre-Production Testing: Within the next 3-4 months we will be finishing website design for e-commerce website manufacturing, the manufacturing of Glo24 T-shirts, head bands, aprons and hats, the Application itself and finalize with our Marketing and App testing. 3. Launching of Website Scheduling 4. Launching of Application Scheduling 5. Shipment of Glo24 Merchandise Learn about accountability on Kickstarter