First Goal - $5000 - Souler realeased for the iPhone and AndoridStretch Goal 1 - $10000+ - More stages, items, enemies, bosses, more everything! Souler is an endless runner game, located in an earth invaded by creatures from another dimension. They came for human souls cause it's their only source of energy. So it's our task to stop them and send them back. Kind of cliche?...Who cares about plot in an endless runner game, all you are looking for is fun and challenge.The game consist in stages, that will be looping randomly, each of them with unique enemies, obstacles and a boss. The more time you play, the more difficult it gets. While you play, there will be obstacles that you'll have to dodge, depending on the kind of obstacle, it's the action you have to make, like the basic slide and jump. The game will also have reaction commands for specific obstacles to increase challenge. The Art The game will offer the possibility to choose between many characters so you can play with the one you feel more comfortable, each of them is going to have it's own set of items and power-ups. We are both students of digital media who are eager to create good looking and entertaining content. Gilberto Romero - Game designer and programmer of Souler. Videogames are part of my life almost since I was born, games must be created always thinking in gamers, with a balance between fun, challenge and graphics. Being a game developer has been my dream since I was a child, so why not start taking out the good ideas. My friend Robin(wich by the way is a really good photographer and cartoonist) will be in charge of the art and animation. Risks and challenges As you could see, we got the programming, design, art and animation covered, but what about the music? you can't have a good game without good music, well, we are still in search for that virtuous musican who can help us develop an amazing game. Cause we a are a two man team, development time could be a problem, although we are trying to focus as much as we can in the development of the game, combining it with last semesters of school is not an easy task. If we want to make the game fot multiple platforms, we have a really harder work to do, cause it's not jusy saying "yeah, I'll make a multiplatform game", every device works different, specially Android phones, so making sure that the game works perfect for different platforms out there is going to be tough. There must be a lot of testings, modifications, polish things that are not working, so at the end, we can deliver a nice gaming experience. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter