About The January Records Project The January records project is a community project for songwriters/musicians. The Project is inspired by both National Novel Writing Month and the good old fashioned practice of song swapping. Participants in The January Records Project will each be challenged to write and record an entirely DIY EP within the span of the month. We are hoping that the immediacy, the time restraints, the peer encouragement and the competition that the project entails will inspire a number of independent musicians to turn out the best work of their lives, and to do so completely independently. Registration for the January Records Project will open on December first and the one month recording challenge will initiate on January first, 2011. On February first, we hope that all of the participating musicians will have turned out a four to six song EP of new, original material. If the project is successful, it will accomplish two goals: 1) The January Records Project will inspire independent musicians to release an unprecedented amount of new, original, and unique music on February first, 2011. 2) The project will expose new talents, help independent musicians gain audience, and open the eyes of the public to the fact that the music industry is no longer exclusive. In fact, it’s been exclusive for a an even shorter time than it’s been an industry. And it hasn’t been an industry for long. We welcome songwriters/musicians of all genres and all skill levels to use any recording techniques that they see fit in participation. That being said, at the termination of the project, we would like to release a compilation/sampler that will feature some of the best tracks spawned by the project. Of course, everything will be free/promotional and all intellectual rights will remain with the individual artists, where they belong. We will need to raise at least $5270 to cover mastering, production of physical promo copies, digital distribution, mailings, and some minor marketing. Anything additional we raise wil go directly to further promotion of the product and the artists. The internet is the new campfire, and since we’re all sitting around it anyway, we might as well share some tuneage. Registration for musicians is open now at http://clubfightrecords.com/