THE WORLD NEEDS A BUSINESS CARD APPWe are a graphic designer and iOS developer at Thirtyroots LLC based in Saint Paul, Minnesota. We operate from our apartment. Our goal is to create a business card app where everyone can post and view business cards. An App where you reach out to thousands of professionals and businesses by searching their business card. Create your own business card and have people reach out to you. We're working hard to make this project possible, but we can't do it alone. Bring this project to life. We’re are creating something wonderful that everyone can enjoy and benefit. Your contribution makes a difference. Your support makes it possible. A business card is a road map to opportunity. When you meet someone and introduce yourself and describe what you do, at some point you have to give your contact information. A business card saves you time and makes you look professional. Wouldn’t be great if you have access thousand of business cards on the palm of your hand. It could lead to a great new job and a great business partnership.Why do we need Business Card App? Every business you go to has business cards on the front desk. Some companies require their employees to have business card. No one has taken the challenge to create a unified app for business cards until now. A Single app where you browse business cards created by businesses and professionals like you.Together we can create something no one has taken the challenge to do! Cards is the fastest and easiest way to share contact information with business people and potential customers and clients. What if your business card was available to everyone in the world. What if you had access of millions of Business cards. Cards is like business networking event. When a group of like minded come together to help each other and build relationship. Home Feed - Virtual Business Cards Message - introduce yourself and describe what you do Sort Business cards by Job Title or Location Rewards Premium Membership - You will be able to enjoy all features Risks and challenges If this campaign is successful, together we will create something wonderful. Your contribution makes a difference. Your support makes it possible! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter