Let's get straight to the point...we want to end accidental shootings by police during traffic stops. The United States Police are some of the most amazing and caring people alive. Every day they go through hell and high water to guarantee our safety. As of now, our police force is under major criticism from the public. I'm not here to get political and point fingers, but that's the fact. Instead of being aggressive, we decided to be proactive and see how we can solve this major problem. We decided to stop looking at the situation from a civilian's stand point and put ourselves in the police officer's shoes. When doing that, Liz and I looked at other countries around the world and realized a startling fact that many Americans overlook. Now I'm a 100% believer in the second amendment, but based on research of the comparing the major nations of the world, the United States outguns the developed world. We have 1.12 guns for every PERSON! We have more that 300 million known guns in circulation. Guns per person While we have the constitutional right to bear arms in the U.S., this fact alone can make every single encounter an officer faces rather scary. They rarely know the person they pull over, and thus any sudden movements or reaching for an area that may contain a gun CAN end their life.Officers have faced over 4,000 cases of assault during a traffic stop. The latest FBI data reports that 13 officers gave the ultimate sacrifice during a traffic stop.On the other side, over 10% of civilians killed by police over the past two years or about 200, started during traffic stops.We came up with an awesome idea to help traffic stops go smoothly for you and the officer. Stopshield! It is a compact document holder that allows you to easily transfer your documents to an officer to avoid a tense situation. We are raising money for our injection mold to start mass producing the Stopshield, and help make life easier and safer for every officer and driver. 100% Of your donation is going to the Aluminum mold. Any overflow will still be placed into production. The prototype is ready and functional, and we are in negotiations with American companies to make this product made in the USA. We just need your help to fund the final phase of making a mold. Design shot of a Stopshield Once ready, we will begin mass production. Allowing us to meet our goals. From speaking with several factories, we should be able to supply our backers well in advance of our posted date. Since we no longer require any research and development, production is our only holdback.This problem needs to be stopped. If you're a good guy during a traffic stop, this product can make the stop go smoothly. Please help me make my vision a reality. Thank you. Risks and challenges Once completed, the biggest issue we may face is managing a company properly. We currently run smaller operations, but have never helmed something of this potential. We will handle it by referring to those who have been there before us, and stick to our guns of being responsible and practical folks. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter