"When things get really bad, just raise your glass and stamp your feet and do a little jig. That's about all you can do." Leonard Cohen Bonnie singing a storm at Falconetti's Ever since the recording of HELL OF A GIRL with Terra Hazelton and her amazing musical collaborators, I've spent the last two years playing with some great musicians, seeing the songs evolve, and creating new material.We've played at The legendary Railway Club, which led to us recording this song for the 1000 day music project by Rod Matheson.. check it out here! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMnJkbusfJs and at Vancouver's premiere live music venue, Guilt & Company. The band is sounding tight, the musicians are superb, and the songs have grown... I knew the time was ripe to record the music so we can share it with you!The star of these songs is without a doubt the amazing musicians I get to play with, who by adding their own voice to the material, have made them better than I ever imagined... The dynamite Bonnie Northgraves on trumpet and lead vocals, the charming-as-heck Arnt Arntzen on banjo, the legendary Buff Allen on drums, the mind-boggling Steve Charles on literally everything.... and many more to be announced later!We have the opportunity to record at CREW Studios in North Vancouver, who has recorded Elvis Costello, Folk Thief, Chelsea Edwardson, Chi Turner, Alpha Yaya Diallo, Syd Perry and many more! The album will be overseen by Andy Warren and engineered by Andrew Spindor, a Juno nominated engineer who specializes in live-off-the-floor recordings, and taking time off from a long-term recording project in Cuba to record The Bad Ideas.And yes, the entire album will be recorded live-off-the-floor, meaning you'll hear that live energy feel when you get the album in your hands... there's also a chance you could join us in the studio and hear yourself on one of the songs! The songs themselves are a collection of some of my faves from over the years along with some new material.. they delve deep into the style of "Cowboy-Noir" that we've been developing... Songs about dangerous love, red wine, dying soldiers, lonely whales, a gun-wielding femme fatale, forgiveness as a last resort, flipping the bird, and bittersweet afterthoughts.Once the album is recorded, mixed, mastered and pressed.. we will be touring to Alberta to play at the Ironwood Stage on March 20th, followed by a Vancouver album release on March 25th.Thank you for supporting live music!!!<3 Jeff & The Bad Ideas Mike, Buff, Jeff, Bonnie & Noah Risks and challenges We have a lot to do to make this happen, and a lot of expenses to cover and we so sincerly appreciate your help in whatever way you are able. If you can't support financially, then come to the shows on November 10th, November 29th & December 8th and bring your friends! Or listen to the songs from Hell of a Girl online and rate on iTunes.... https://itunes.apple.com/ca/album/hell-of-a-girl/id832098901 or share this campaign with your friends!! Much love, Jeff Please let us know if you have any thoughts or feedback... we love to hear from you!! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter