Media Coverage: We love iPhone games and spend hours playing until the we have to recharge. Even then, we often kept playing with a charge cable plugged in. We wish these a gampad for iPhone designed for gamers like us with these features: Great response time with good button feedback MFi compatible hardware Long playing time and can charge iPhone while playing Awesome Ergonomics to reduce hand fatigue We couldn't find any like that on the market so we decided to make our own. This is what we developed: It turns out many Android games contacted us about Fusion for Android. We delivered on that end as well. We made a Fusion gamepad for the Samsung phone users that is compatible with all S Console games Additional Features for Samsung edition: Easily Bluetooth-pairing via NFC Compatible with Samsung devices with Android 4.3 + operating system Compatible with all games on Samsung S Console It keeps the same 5200mAh battery from iPhone version for extended play time. (Samsung EI-GP20 has 1600 mAh battery) Features This game controller is especially designed for Apple iPhone, iPad and iPod. All buttons, D-PAD, triggers and the pressure-sensitive analog sticks are designed to Apple standards. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Fast Response This controller uses Bluetooth connectivity. Unlike other similar products, we use the latest version 3.0 Bluetooth, with higher speed and lower energy consumption. The pairing is much faster and more stable with a working range of up to 15M. Within this range game play is perfectly fluid, without any action delay, adding a new level of amusement to your Apple device game play experience. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Great battery life without the bulk. Our controller is equipped with 5200 mAh battery, this gives the product a long battery life for extended gaming time. It can also serve to charge your mobile device if it is out of power. The controller can intelligently distinguish between Apple devices and applies the appropriate charge current depending on the device model. Fusion only weights 220 g, 10g heavier than a PlayStation 4 controller. Awesome Ergonomics to reduce fatigue It has a very attractive and durable structure, comfortable feel for grip, and scratch resistant surface. The weight is substantial enough for just the right game feeling. The sleek ergonomic design makes our controller an attractive addition to your gaming hardware. also the comfort grip design provides the potential for long game play without fatigue. The underside of the controller has an etched grip that is comfortable to hold, this feature eliminates slippage during game play and is easy to keep clean The top of Fusion is equipped with an adjustable lock arm to secure your IPhone and can extendable to 85mm. It can accommodate all previous and current iPhone and iPod. Both ends of the contact points are affixed with rubber tips to provide a secure grip on your device and protect it from rubbing or scratching. Set your mind at ease, when you directly attach your Apple device to the controller, even large movements will not unseat the connection. Power Saving Function After the first time pairing with your iPhone, the controller can automatically from that point on. After 10 minutes of idle the controller will automatically power down, press the power button and the controller will again pair automatically and be ready to use. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 This controller is designed for iOS devices and supports all controller operated games on App Store. Some of the supported games are: COMPATIBLE DEVICE All devices with operating system IOS 7.0 and above Main Specification: TIME LINE OUR PROCESS We began planning for this game controller in August of last year. We were searching for both the most comfortable grip feeling as well as the quickest and most stable connectivity to increase the joy of game play experience. We compared many game controller products already in existence, as well as different kinds of Bluetooth products, before finally making our design. After doing through market research, we designed PCB board, completed the ID design and structural engineering and we now have working prototype. We are ready to tell the world about Fusion on Kickstarter. TEAM MEMBER WHY WE NEED YOU？ We are long time fans of Apple products as well as gaming enthusiasts, we want to create a product can give great gaming experience for iPhone user. Fusion adds new possibilities and freedoms to mobile phone gaming ande also hope that the look and feel of our product will make the games even more enjoyable. We have worked very hard to make this amazing controller, and are now ready for mass production,We need your support to do our first mass production and bring it to the market. We also know the Kickstarter community has a lot of great ideas, and would love to hear your feedback on how to make this product even better. Risks and challenges We have made a full functioning prototype and put it through a lengthy testing process, all to prepare our product for mass production. We need to find an MFi certified factory to manufacture our product for us, this may take some time. Also, suggestions from every backer are important. If we need to make changes to our product according to feedback, this may affect our timeline. In that event, we may make some redesigns and finish testing before production. Also, it is possible that international shipping could affect delivery time. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter