My Zing is going to be a dating website targeted to all geeks, nerds, and gamers alike. We understand how hard it is for us (geeks, nerds, gamers) to meet someone just like us. Who share our interests and love for a certain game or passion. We are targeting the collectors, cosplay, comic book nerds, PC, Xbox, Playstation, card games (D&D, Magic!), etc. Our goal is when you sign up you aren't spending a half an hour answering questions, and taking quizzes to be thrown into a complicated algorithm to match you up with people. We want to keep it simple to start by having you type in basic information to get your profile started. Once you have created a profile you can then go in and take fun quizzes or answer questions to help match you up to someone. Nothing that takes a long time, you can go at your own pace, at your own time and answer whatever you chose. We don't want people to be matched up based on religious, political or income preferences. We are leaving that out. We want people to meet based on their personalities and interests, passions, and more! At My Zing we want to go deeper into the heart and soul of the person, so everyone can meet their ZING! Not only will My Zing be a geeky dating site, it will also have a game incorporated into it making things a little more nerdy, and a little more fun. We will have an achievement hunting type game. So for example when you sign up you would get a 15 credit achievement. If you sign up for a paid membership it would be 30 credits. There will be achievements to be found everywhere on the site! So for the financial end of the spectrum. We would need funding to get a new desktop just for our business. My laptop is about 5-6 years old and on it's last breath. We would need to buy the dating software, along with other programs like Microsoft Office and QuickBooks. We would need web hosting, and money to place ads on google and other sites like Twitch, Facebook, Twitter and hopefully Pwnd Brand. I would need a copier/printer. We would also need a phone for business along with a tablet so we are always connected and always there for our clientele. We would need to buy our web domain name. The most important thing we would need is also a business license! There is so much that goes into making this a success! But it will all be worth it and so much more fun for everyone when it's all completed. David and I met on a dating website and have done some pretty extensive research on other sites. Even the other sites that claim to be nerd dating sites...and we know what we are bringing to the table is going to fun and unique. It will target EVERY nerd and it won't be complicated or confusing to navigate. We are highly committed to this project and are going to put our hearts and soul into making this a safe and exciting way to meet your Zing. Risks and challenges Not being able to obtain our business license in time for the launch date. (If this happens, we would try our very hardest to get the business license as soon as possible and let everyone know that we would have to push the launch date back due to this concern. It wouldn't be a deal breaker by any means. We are fully committed to getting this launched as soon as possible.) Not having enough people signing up for My Zing. (This is where advertising comes into play. If not enough people are signing up that means we aren't advertising to the right demographic, or something just isn't right with wordplay when we advertise on google. I would go in and re-evaluate everything and either spend more to advertise to a larger demographic or fix the current advertisements to make sure it's being seen by the right people) Potential computer problems (Another reason why we want a tablet. I will also make sure that everything is backed up into the cloud, and on USB drives or external hard drives. I will have back ups of back ups and eventually a second PC so there will be two. I will make sure there are warranties and protection plans so we can get the computer fixed and back up in no time flat. I want web hosting as well so we are that much more protected.) Hackers. (Everyone deals with them every now and again and we recognize that, so another reason for web hosting and extra firewalls. I fully intend on hiring someone to make sure that I have optimal protection and firewalls in place for my clientele. Their information and privacy is of utmost importance to us.) Learn about accountability on Kickstarter