I am raising funds for a website I created called HTBYC.com. Houston, Take Back Your City! the site is designed to share, promote, and explore all things about Houston, Tx that many people may not have known about. Anyone in the city can visit the site or download the App, (once created) and comment, review, and explore the city in a whole new way. It is open discussion about local sports, art, entertainment, businesses, or anything else you can think of. The idea is to connect everyone in our city using our city as the social network. There could be something amazing happening in your local neighborhood but no one else knows about it because it wasn't advertised or the word didn't reach far enough. That is where HTBYC.com comes in. You can freely promote and share what is going on, and using the #HTBYC on instagram, all pictures are uploaded in real time to the site so the viewers can see images from all points of view and read the comments. There are no limits to what can be going on at any time in this city and if you guys are like me you want to know whats happening now. For example pop up shops, a DJ hosting a local hangout, food trucks, local businesses, grand openings, artists, musicians, etc... The site offers the niche that everything added is added by the people and are real events and things that have impacts on peoples lives. I know from experience that it can be very difficult and expensive to get your idea to the public. I created the site, shared it on every social network I could, and had help of family and friends share it as well. Now i need help in making it reach further. I am asking for funds to help me pay for advertising and the creation of an App to make the site more accessible. Risks and challenges This is definitely a work in progress, it takes time to spread the word, get people used to using a new site or app; but with new ads and the app i know people will use the site. i have been doing research on creating apps but i was a Recreation and Parks major at Texas A&M, typing code isnt really my thing. Sorry I cant offer more rewards, financially I am not sure how much I can cover, this is a free site based off of donations. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter