OUR STORY A few months after having my first child, I had to return to university to finish my studies and defend my dissertation. As a new mother experiencing substantial lack of sleep, I quickly realized that I could no longer keep track of everything that was happening around me. The time was moving too quickly and there were so many expectations and requirements as a nursing mother and a student. I wanted all the best for my son and the best was to continue providing breast milk for him. The challenge was to keep track of the many breast milk bottles which involves monitoring hours and temperature. The FDA and Center for Disease Control recommends not to leave breast milk at room temperature for more than 6 hours. While in the refrigerator, the milk could last up to a 5 days and in a freezer 2 weeks, and so on. The search was to find the best and most efficient way to keep track of the breast milk bottles and remember all of the guidelines while knowing that spoiled milk can give a child upset stomach, diarrhea, vomiting, and even fever. The idea of Mommy’s Watches was born. We invented a device to help moms, dads and care providers to keep track of time and temperature at the same time while following the safety guidelines. The Mommy’s Watch is a timer which counts down faster at room temperature and slower at refrigerator temperatures while accounting for the safety guidelines. It self adjusts the expiration time based on the temperature that is exposed to. This product alleviated a lot of my worries! It also helped me keep track of the best food source for my son and now newly arrived daughter. After many prototypes improving the product and making it smaller, we are finally ready to share it with you. Mommy’s Watches were made to help parents keep track of the best food source for their little ones. HOW TO USE IT?Our Mommy’s Watches are really easy to use. Just attach the product to the breastfeeding or storage bottle and flip the switch ON when you are all ready to start counting. To check if the timer is still counting, press the button on the face of the Mommy's Watch. The green light indicates that the timer is still counting and the red light indicates that the timer has run out. IT’S WHAT’S ON THE INSIDE THAT’S TICKING In the heart of a Mommy’s Watch is a thermometer chip that continuously monitors temperatures. It takes a reading every few seconds and adjusts the expiration time based on temperature that is exposed to. WHAT IS IT MADE OF? Mommy’s Watch is mostly made out of components that are made to withstand the low temperatures of refrigerators and freezers. To keep this product safe for moms and little ones, the outside casing is made of food grade silicone that is typically used in mold making for chocolate. It is also made to fit most breastfeeding bottles. WHY DID I WANT TO DO THIS PROJECT? I was in desperate need of a product to keep track of the temperature and time of the bottle instead of me tracking this. I couldn’t find anything on the market. I constantly worried that my kids could be fed spoiled milk. I tried labeling every bottle with a marker, but that didn’t work since I didn’t know what temperatures it was exposed to. This product helped me to stop worrying, and instead enjoy the process of providing the best food for my kids. Since this product helped me, we believe that it will help many other breastfeeding mothers. In addition, from this product I learned that my refrigerator was not at the the proper temperature setting to efficiently store milk. I adjusted the setting to a lower temperature and realized that the milk, as well as, many other products lasted for longer periods of time.WHAT ABOUT FCC TESTING? WHY IS IT IMPORTANT?FCC testing makes sure that new electronic devices do not interfere with existing devices on the market. A few weeks ago, we successfully passed our FCC testing. WHAT WILL THE MONEY BE USED FOR? The raised money will be used to produce more Mommy’s Watches and make them available to even more breastfeeding mommies. HOW HAS THE PROCESS BEEN LIKE SO FAR? As a working mother of an infant and a toddler, almost all of the work was done at night when the kids were sleeping. I used the kitchen counter top as a work area for making casts and designing new molds. During the day, I thought of more improvements and made them come true at night. My father designed the circuit board and my sister made an information insert. My uncle wrote the software. My mother and husband endlessly helped with the kids and provided suggestions on different ways of improving the product. I was the one to pull it all together. The whole family team made the product in the shape you see it today!There were a few funny moments that happened during the process. Once, I was pouring silicone into a mold and my little girl woke up and started crying. I ran over to her and realized that I’m still wearing gloves covered in liquid silicone. I ran back to the kitchen to remove them and ran back to her. Just before picking her up, I realized that my hands were covered in powder from the gloves so I ran back to the kitchen to wash my hands and ran back to her. With all the running, I got my little boy laughing with me because I reminded him of Donald Duck from Disney cartoons. When I got back, I picked her up and swaddled her back to sleep and reassured myself that she always deserves the best and that this project will help me deliver it worry-free. Risks and challenges With several working prototypes in hand, the challenge is to deliver the product on time. At this moment, all manufacturers are in standby mode waiting for the funds and the “go ahead” to start production. This is why we need your help!!! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter