We started 14 days ago. How ever the turkish community is growing faster than expected (we did no advertisement).3000 people actually using the app which is out for iOS and Android devices.the reply rate is today over 80.000. As you can see there is live in it.Now we have a list of todos like: Webversion, App for Winmobile, Advertisement to grow around the world. And actually working on the language (so you do not have to look at languages you do not understand coming with our next update within 3 weeks) and several other.We asked three business consultants what we will need to grow moderately worldwide. and the number has come up.Afterwards the will be worked a model to earn money with this project. I spend 175.000€ to get this far and now I need some help to grow.If you are not interested in donating please spread around within your social network that we are here. This will also be a big help. Thank you upfront.www.phokis.net/downloadThere is my company based in Istanbul, because my team of developers I found there last year and to work in a much cheaper surrounding than Europe. But the project is mine and based in Germany.phokis App phokis an online survey network App You can use phokis to start private surveys (questions), so just following Friends can see and answer them. (anonymous) In case you start an open survey the whole world and your followers will be able to answer. There are three survey types: * just text * picture * video After you have chosen your survey type you have to provide min. 2 max. 4 answer options. You may also choose the express survey option. in this case the survey will be online for one day. Otherwise you choose your end date of the survey (there is no limitation - as long as the calendar works). The survey result can be seen by everybody as a pie chart. The User may choose between a fast login by our Facebook login or first submit and login afterwards. phokis is an open network for everybody and may used to get different benefits. For example you would like to get help to choose your new device: Question: İphone 6 or Samsung Galaxy S6 - which one should I buy? Answer1: İphone 6 Answer2: Galaxy S6 This can as mentioned before also be made by using pictures or video. phokis is free, without ads and usable for everybody. With the Folllow/Follower system everybody can create his networks for several purposes: Here are some examples: * Sports * sale/purchase market * Taste * clothing * politics * thoughts - perspectives * property management * Neighborhood or districts (if it is no private survey all app users in your radius may answer) * Firms, Your workplace (firm-/christmas party organization), schools, universities, faculties, product and customer survey * friend to plan activities * to benefit from the result etc. ... Risks and challenges We have our focus on the language. Because for our fast start in Turkey we have a lot of turkish people using this Network. But we found a accurate solution. which will be online within 3 weeks. we would like to get our webversion online the fastest way possible and are also working on this. If the funding is successful, we would like to get a Grafik designer and a Server Admin. We would like to hold our quality high therefore the team must grow with the project. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter