FINAL UPDATE - WE DID ITGuys, it's straightforward from this point. Chip in $20 or more, and get both the PC and Mac version. If you've been on the fence about the Revolution 60 Kickstarter, now is the time! Revolution 60 is an intense, movie-length story - told cinematically with gorgeous 3D animation and full voice acting from stars like Amanda Winn-Lee. You play as Holiday, an assassin for Chessboard, tasked with discovering why an American orbital weapons platform has malfunctioned. This indie game topped the list of best games of PAX East, and has been called, "One of the best games you've never played," by MSN. Now, the team needs your help bringing Revolution 60 to PC and Mac. The advantage of using the Unreal engine is the ability to port a completed game to other platforms with relative ease. For an indie team like Giant Spacekat, this is extremely important, allowing us to get our game into as many players' hands as possible.Your help won't just get Revolution 60 to people without Apple devices. You'll also be helping us complete the game. Revolution 60 was originally slated to ship in November, but the team pushed the ship date to March to put more polish and interactivity into the game. For a cinematic game like Revolution 60, there are thousands of details that have to be implemented - camera angles, music, voice acting, animation. Getting it all right is expensive for an indie team like Giant Spacekat. With your help, you won't just be helping us ship this game, you'll be helping build an indie Boston studio. Risks and challenges Revolution 60 is extremely close to completion. Voice acting, engineering, set construction and animation are almost done. All major aspects of our game are written and currently running in engine without problems. From a technical point of view, the main challenge in porting the game to PC and Mac is rewriting some of the interface functions that are optimized for mobile but don't exist on PC. We're already investigating how to rewrite these elements using Scaleform. The other challenge is supporting different PC configurations. Because we're using the Unreal Engine, it should work in an extremely wide variety of systems. However, because Epic owns the engine, the number of changes we can make is very limited. We suspect if players meet the Unreal specifications Revolution 60 should run fine. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter