Have you ever thought that a few dollars represent a life changing opportunity in some places around the world ? And that we could help people so much if there was just a way of connecting to people in need ?Well, we did and that’s why we created “CharitApp” !What is CharitApp ? CharitApp is a new application where people in need of charity or humanitarian help can be helped directly in an efficient and personal way. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 How does it work ? On one side, you have people who need help. They create an account and fill a form. On the other side, you have people who want to help. They can see all the profiles of people who need help, and they can choose who they want to support.With CharitApp, not only can people help each other in a more personal way, they can do it faster and in a more efficient way. And with full transparency !Detailed explanationWith CharitApp, there are a few options:First: Whoever needs money can create an account and ask for help. It is easy and fast. People can create personal accounts or group accounts. What’s the difference ? With a personal account, people ask for money for themselves. Therefore they have to talk about their personal life and needs, and how this money will help them. It could be for example to buy food or shoes, or pay tuition fees. With a group account, people ask for money for a group project. Therefore they have to talk about the project in general, all the steps they will have to go through, and how the money will help them achieve their project. It could be for example building a new house in their community, or installing a new well.This first part is really similar to crowdfunding, but with much lower amounts. So more people can be helped, and it’s more about their urgent needs.Second: Every International Organisation or NGO can open an account and create program pages on CharitApp ! And that’s great.Because there is finally a CENTRAL PLACE where you can find all the humanitarian and charity help in one place : on CharitApp ! No more need to look for them all over the internet. With such pages, people can directly support any organisation they want. Or they can choose a specific program or campaign, depending on its details. For example, you can choose to support a campaign in general, or support individuals involved in a specific campaign.The way you help is up to you ! And as CharitApp is based on crowdfunding, the amount you give is up to you too !To make your contribution more transparent, everytime you choose to support (someone, an organization or a campaign), you get a detailed description about how your money is going to be used, and in what proportion it will be split. By the way, our goal is to forward between 90 to 95 percent of your money to the final beneficiaries, all fees included. Compared to about 75 percent in average with the best current solutions. Also, to avoid fraud and misappropriation, we use different technological and running procedures. First of all, every individual person is limited to a certain amount of money they can collect. The same with a group of people, except the amount is higher. We also strongly encourage people to share how the help they received changed their lives. We believe this is the best way to convince anyone of providing more help, and more support !In the end, CharitApp is a amazing technological and innovative tool to charity and humanitarian help. Advantages For donors, it becomes easy to help as they get a better view of the help needed all over the world, a high level of transparency on how their money is used, and a more personal link to people in need. For beneficiaries, it becomes easier to ask for help and make their needs heard. It is the most dignifying way for them, as they have more control over their lives and they get to make their own choices. On the long run, it is also the best solution to encourage local markets, integrate marginalized populations, increase people’s collaboration and responsibility and to promote safe transition from emergency to stable situations. For Humanitarian Organisations and NGO, it becomes easier to provide help, analyse situations and reduce their costs. With CharitApp, they can be faster and more flexible, and they can coordinate better the humanitarian response. It also provides them a new way of advertisement and a new source of income !So as you can see, this project is really going to make big changes. Imagine how life could be transformed all around the world if people could use CharitApp and help those in need, with only a few clics ? The advantages of such a system are amazing and everyone would be winning. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Next Steps Right now, we are already developing CharitApp.People from different International Organisations are already helping us in the developing of our project, as well as other people from governments and also private companies.However, and to make CharitApp more valuable, we still need to work hard on important aspects such as communication and strategy, and many more.Please help us and support CharitApp !Make a donation and share this page. And together, let’s make the world a better place ! Risks and challenges Hi everyone, we are 4 passionnate young people who met during our studies in computer science at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne (EPFL), about two years ago. Together, we thought about this project and we work on it every day. We are also constantly working with professionnals related to the Governments and the International Organizations present in Geneva, as well as professionals in the Internet and technological fields. We really want to make a strong contribution to the world, and together with people from International Organisations, we believe that the technology we have today can be used in a better way when it comes to helping each other, especially when time is critical. Of course we do not have the perfect solution that will solve humanitarian crises or poverty, but we hope our project can significantly change and improve the way people help each other around the world. Our vision is easy : with CharitApp, we believe the world can become a better place, with people getting closer to each other, and supporting each other in a more personal and honest way. Because everyone can choose freely how to get in touch with people who need help, and decide and choose about specific personal criterias. Also, professionals in humanitarian and charity matters have already claimed that there is a clear opportunity for improving humanitarian and charity help with the technological tools, and this will lead to a much higher level of transparency. Basically, there is the need of a radical change. And today’s technology allows it. And we think our project is the evolution required ! Of course, it is not going to be easy to do. But we are four passionate coders. Not only we love computer science and programming, we’re studying it in one of the best universities in the world (Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne, EPFL). And we love it. But apart from our motivation, we achieved a lot. Locally, we’ve been involved with a few applications and websites. We also worked in creating computer games and programs for educational and research purposes. So you can be sure we will make this project in the best way. But will is not enough. And here is an important part. We know how to make and developp most of our project, and we could probably make it all without any financial help. But it would take us much more time, and time is crucial. But not only. We love computer science, but we need help with marketing, communication, strategy and many legal steps. Plus, we want to make sure our work is well done, and the more money we have, the better our project will be. Also, as CharitApp is meant to help people, we love the idea that you are helping us helping others. It gives an extra motivation, and already goes with the spirit we are trying to spread. Meaning people helping people ! This is bigger than just you and me, and we want to involve as many people as possible. Why ? Because this idea is revolutionary ! It is a combination of many different possibilities finally put together. And it was never done before for two reasons : first, the technology was not developed enough to allow such a system, and second, no one thought about it before. It is, in any way, a true innovation. For example, before CharitApp, you had no way to connect directly to people in need. You always had to pass by an organisation. Also, until now, people in need were not connected. Now, technologies (internet, cell phones, etc) are worldwide spread and everyone, even in remote locations, has a connection to the world. Also, some people were reluctant with the idea of providing help without having details about the use of the money and in which proportions it would be used. Now, with CharitApp, it is clear for everyone and transparency is at its highest level. But these are just few of many points we could raise when it comes to why this project is revolutionary, and there are many more. So for whoever didn't understand how it will work, here is a different explanation : More precisely, there are 3 major parts in CharitApp. The first one is about independent people, meaning people who created accounts by themselves, and ask for money for their personal needs. They can also create group accounts, where some people gather together in order to get help for common projects or community needs. It is very similar to crowdfunding, but we put a limit on the money people can receive. In this first part, no organisation is involved, and people act freely. The second part is where International Organisations and NGOs show their capmaigns and the beneficiaires involved. In this part, the money limit for each campaign is very different and it is up to the Organisations who created the campaign to dispense the money they received from donors (and according to a specific splitting they have to explain before they receive the money). This is were donors also get the chance to help people already supported by an NGO or an International Organisation. Finally, in the third part, it is about NGOs and International Organisations, simply presenting themselves. So it is very easy. Now, about the financial support donors provide, it is very easy too. In the first part, the money goes ONLY to the beneficiary. In the second part, it is the Organisation or the NGO that shows on the campaign page what proportion goes to the people, to the campaign itself and/or to the Organisation/NGO. And in the third part, the money goes all to the Organisation/NGO, and they can use it as they choose to. Of course some transfers fees are involved, but we’ll try to keep them as low as 5%, all included. And now we have to talk about frauds. This is the difficult challenge we are facing. Because we don’t want people or criminal organisations to use CharitApp in a diverted way and steal from honest users. In other words, we want to make sure the benficiaries really need the money, and will use it in a constructive way. So we’ve put in place a very organized procedure about the money. And to make it efficient, it involves a few things combined. One of them is that the amount someone can raise is very limited, and depends on the information provided by the beneficiary. The more information we have, the more money he/she can raise. Let’s be clear : no one can become rich with CharitApp, because the amounts are not so important. They are meant for helping and not making rich. The maximum raising money is also depending on the feedback beneficiaries give about the money they already recieved. Meaning that donors want to know how their money was used. If we can see how it was used, how it helped, and what difference it made, the system will allow a higher amount for the next time. Of course, we also check the users’ emails, phone numbers and more. We are also working on a collaboration with a company active in the security of banking messaging. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter