A LITTLE ABOUT ME AND MY PROJECTI grew up listening to the sounds of musicians such as Kenny G, Sade, and Stevie Wonder. These musical influences made me greatly appreciate music as a creative art. I got the idea for this project as I was riding a Greyhound bus to Austin to DJ a wedding. My iPod battery died and I was stuck listening the the ambient sounds of everything around me and then I had a crazy idea, wouldn't be cool to record these sounds. When I got back home I decided to do something with these sounds and that is where the idea to put some musical inspiration behind them. I am very excited about this album because it allows me to test the limits of my creativity. I am currently on stage one of this project and I need your support to help me get to stage two. WHERE YOUR MONEY WILL GO & WHAT WILL YOU GETThis Kickstarter Project Will Fund: Hardware needed to capture sounds Studio time to properly edit, mix, and master tracks Promotional materials (advertisements, T-Shirts, Stickers, etc...) Any extra musicians I choose to bring on this project to assist me Any extra fees If you assist me in achieving my goal of creating this unique album you will receive the rewards listed to the right.SOME OF MY PREVIOUS WORK.Here is some of my previous work. These are some of my remixes that I have been working over the past 2 years. THANKS IN ADVANCE!I would like to thank you in advance for your support with this project. By you assisting me to reach my goal I will be able to share my musical talents and ideas with the world. Please join me in the production of my first album! I look forward to sharing my music with you!-DJ G Risks and challenges I am looking forward to the challenges that come with putting out a debut album. One of the struggles that I will be fighting with is publication and advertising. I will be fighting through social media channels after the album is released to push the album out to listeners that have not heard of me, but would enjoy the music I am creating. Another one of the struggles that I will be working against is getting into a actual studio to have my work mix and mastered professionally. Lastly, this project is a all or nothing campaign. If I do not raise the $3500 needed to achieve my goal I will not be able to continue working on the album. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter