This campaign is to launch an affordable service to calculate the climate change risk to insurability and house-value over the course of a normal mortgage. It will be for home-buyers wanting to screen houses they’re considering buying or home-owners who want to consider renovations to reduce vulnerability and increase value. What you will getPledging means you will get a beta report and then a free upgrade to the commercial version. This will include:1. Projections for the annual risk cost (equivalent to the increased insurance premium annual insurance premium over the term of your mortgage)2. An assessment on the extent to which the value of the property will be impacted, due to climate change impacts of sea water flooding (coastal inundation) over the course of the mortgage. (BETA)3. An assessment on the extent to which the value of the property will be impacted, due to climate change impacts of bushfire, sea water flooding (coastal inundation), riverine flooding and heatwave over the course of the mortgage.4. A jump on the market, get yours at least 3 months ahead of the market.5. A 50% discount on the commercial release price of $250. If we get 240 backers, thats all we need to give the go ahead. Why you need a Climate Valuation ReportPeople need to know if climate change is going to devalue the family's most important asset. Home buyers need to know if sea level rise is a risk to the properties they are considering. Home owners need to know if their house is at risk, and if they need to address this vulnerability. Four out of five Australians live close to the coast, and suburbs all over Australia have houses that will be affected. But so far there is nothing to really help people understand the impacts of climate change to residential property. For a number of years now we have been working with larger companies and government bodies to identify climate risks to their assets and devise adaptation plans to mitigate those risks. But the software to do this is highly complex and the cost of the analysis is beyond the reach of ordinary people. Until now! For the last 6 months we've been building the Climate Valuation science and software. Now we need to raise funds to build the public access interface, test the systems with experts and get the company and legal structures in place.The Science behind the SystemsWe run your analysis using a licensed RiskEngines that are patented software running on high-speed cloud servers used by a number of government agencies and utilities. The software uses geospatial information to locate accurate elevations, the nearest data for tide gauges, tectonic gauges, wave gauges and sea level rise projections. These are all brought together in our Monte Carlo Risk Engines and advanced mathematical methods for probability calculations.We use the most reputable sources for climate change science including; CSIRO, BOM, IPCC and the ACE CRC. What we will use the money forWe have the first stage of the technology working for one of the worst hazards - coastal sea water flooding which is not covered by insurance. But its not user friendly or commercially set up! We'll be using the Kickstarter funds for:Design: Design a front end which stylishly hides all the heavy lift computing, and ensures a clear interaction for the user. It will issues a sharp but easy to understand report that can be checked by our team, before its dispatched.Legals: Develop a company structure around this new venture. Until now, this information has not been available to the residential or property market. This information is potentially a game changer, so we need to make sure we have the right legal protections and insurance covers in place.Incorporating New Hazards: Climate Valuation requires a lengthy process of data acquisition and cleaning to ensure all data sets work together consistently. Each time we include a new hazard (eg: flooding) we spend considerable time (weeks and sometimes months) gettings things just right.Peer Review: We want climate experts to check everything is correct. We want smart users to give us feedback. So we need some time before we go to the open market and we want a supportive group of first users - thats you! Risks and challenges We already have the technical aspect of this system working for utilities and councils - so we are not new to this modelling. Our challenge is to set up a public facing web app for the residential sector - with the right trading entity including branding, Insurance and legals. We're already talking to many scientists - whose work we have used - to suggest that they help test the system. We may even have their students use it for research, because it will be free to academics, NGOs and journalists to use (provided they don't disclose addresses). This takes time and goodwill, and so we're allowing a beta phase. We may have bugs to fix, or need to correct algorithms. We may get complaints about how hard the system is to use! While we're in the Beta phase we really want to listen, learn, and adjust the product so its sharp for market release. We also have to balance ClimateValuation.com with other projects. Karl is also participating in the 'Pacific Climate Expedition', to help university researchers look at the impacts of this years global heat spike on coral bleaching in the South Pacific. We're also working on a new Cross Dependency Project, which quantifes how extreme weather events can lead to a cascade of failure in critical infrastructure. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter