There’s a strong push in the industry to wirelessly charge your mobile devices. So why hasn’t it happened for your iPhone yet? Who still wants to deal with a cable that won’t reach and a charger that’s too flimsy? Where is the ability to wirelessly charge both your iPhone and your Apple Watch simultaneously? Well, it’s all here. And it’s called MonoCharge. MonoCharge is a versatile, innovative, attractive and liberating wireless charger—conducive to both home and travel. You can power your iPhone and your Apple Watch at the same time, or separate for individual use. Qi technology is the new charging standardWe utilize Qi Charging Technology to realize our concept and design. Qi charing has rapidly became the industry standard for wireless charging, and it's been integrated with many mobile devices like Samsung Galaxy, Google Nexus, Nokia Lumia, etc. Other industries also start to adapt this trend and offer Qi charging in their locations and services. Wired-mess vs. WirelessOur friend Dave was clumsy, but no one beats wireless charging. And look ma, no cables! What comes in the MonoChargeBundle or individual units available! 1. Wireless Qi ChargerCompatible with all Qi-enabled devices. Samsung Galaxy S6, S7, Note5, Nokia Lumia, Motorola Droid, Google Nexus, and more. 2. Apple Watch ChargerWorks with the OEM Apple Watch Charging Puck. 3. Qi Charging Case or Qi Receiver KitA case designed specifically for Apple devices to work with Qi Charging, compatible with iPhone 6, 6S, 6 PLUS, 6S PLUS. Or a Qi Receiver Kit that can be plugged into the lightning port and inserted between the phone and your favorite phone case. Backers will be able to mark their choices on the survey after the campaign. Works beautifully independent, works brilliantly combined Its modular wedge design allows for seamless access while charging—sleep tight with night stand mode, or play games and binge watch with kickstand mode. And thanks to magnets, you can place your iPhone down on the charger and pick it up again with ease. When you’re ready to go, simply close MonoCharge up and take it with you. MonoCharge will be the last charger you’ll ever need. Features & Specs Wireless Qi Charger / Apple Watch Charging Station Length: 5.5 in. / 143 mm Width: 2.6 in. / 66 mm Height: 1.9in. / 47 mm Weight: 9.4 oz. / 467 g Battery Capacity: 6700 mAh Qi Charging Case Length: ( 6 & 6S ) 5.625 in. / 140 mm ( 6+ & 6S+ ) 6.44 in. / 164 mm Width: ( 6 & 6S ) 2.75 in. / 70 mm ( 6+ & 6S+ ) 3.125 in. / 79 mm Height: 0.44in. / 11 mm Weight: ( 6 & 6S ) 0.45 oz. / 12.6 g ( 6+ & 6S+ ) 0.6 oz. / 16.4 g Colors & FinishCharging UnitsSimple color, modern taste Qi Charging Case- Compatible with iPhone 6, 6+, 6S, 6S+- Lightning port enabled for normal charging, data, and CarPlay!Thinking about iPhone 7? We do too, and we're ready for it. We're confident that we can transfer the technology and have it available within the month of Apple's announcement. Modular, Portable, Wireless ChargingA powerful charging station for your home Staying charged at the office has never been so beautifully functional Easy to take around the house An additional USB port for other devices Take charge wherever you go Rewards Timeline After 6 months of hard work, tons of design and technical iterations, we're finally getting ready for the initial production. We'll receive the final prototype 2 weeks after our campaign starts and the entire funding will be put towards the material, tooling and manufacturing. Our first batch production is scheduled to be delivered in early September and they'll be entirely for our Kickstarter backers only. Our Story Born in the innovation capital of the world--the San Francisco Bay Area--crafting ideas and making things happen is in our blood. Monowear is a collective of thinkers, doers, creators, designers and pacesetters. By simply using basic tools and a 3D printing machine, we created our first prototype in, you guessed it, a small garage. From there, we haven’t looked back. Why MonoCharge?We want Apple users to experience the freedom of wireless charging. We’ve all been there, carrying many different devices and many different charging cables; having to sort through a bunch of tangled cables and headphones in your bag, on your desk, just to find the one to charge the device. MonoCharge changes that.What’s unique about MonoCharge?The unique shape and modular design really sets it apart. With its modular design, we essentially create a platform for us to build on. Technology changes so rapidly, there are new devices coming out every quarter. MonoCharge can simply introduce an updated module to support this new device or feature; but at the same time, still compatible with existing modules. Risks and challenges Our supply and manufacturing relationship is something we’re proud to have in place because it helps communication run smoothly. That being said, the supply chain and production is one of the toughest parts to get right and spend enough time on. We want to make sure we can test and iterate quickly based on community feedback. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter