The Story.As a person interested in films and the filmmaking community, I enjoyed watching and discovering short films online. However after a short while, it became apparent to me that discovering new short films (that I hadn’t seen before) was not an easy task. It was always the same award winning films that came to the top of my search results and I saw this as a problem.I came up with the idea of creating an app that would not only benefit viewers but also the creators. I started working on the app and after months of being in development, we are proud to introduce Weekly Flix.How does it work and what does it do?Weekly Flix, displays a new and high quality short film every week. The film will be live on the app for one week where our users are able to watch the film, read about the cast and discover more work from the same producer. After one week, that film is gone and the process starts again with another film. As the app begins to increase in popularity, we hope filmmakers will see Weekly Flix as a powerful platform to display their work on. We wanted to make it as easy as possible for filmmakers to benefit from this audience so we have setup a very simple submission page that can be found on our website: http://weeklyflix.co.uk. Any filmmaker can submit a film to Weekly Shorts and all submitted films will undergo quality control where if they pass, they will be placed in to a queue. Please see the demo video below to see exactly how the app will work: You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Why Invest?Unfortunately, as with all creative projects, finance has not been readily available. I taught myself how to code so that I could build a working version of the app without funding. But for this app to be really successfulI, I need as many people in the filmmaking community to know about it as possible. Therefore I am looking to try and raise a target of £250. Your money will go towards several key aspects of the app, without which it could go nowhere. I am looking to run an ad campaign on YouTube as well as ensuring the app is stable and ready for a large amount of usage.FAQ's:How will you get films? - At first we will have to go looking for films however we hope that when enough people are using the app, filmmakers will submit their film through our website.Will the app be free? - There will be both free (ad-supported) and paid versions of the app.When are you hoping to launch the app? - We are hoping to release our first build of the app by October at the latest - those who have pledged £25 or more will get access to our 'beta' version approximately one week before general release. Risks and challenges If the app has any bugs, or issues at launch, we will do our very best to address them as quickly as possible. As with all projects, delays could occur but we are doing are very best to stick to schedule and at the moment, no issues have been foreseen. Delays would usually occur in the build of the app and the website and as this is already mostly done, there shouldn't be much that can go wrong. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter