PlanningThe trip is a week-long journey by 4x4 along the length of the Namibian section of the Skeleton Coast, stopping to photograph as many of the decaying hulks as possible.Upon funding, the team in London will get to work organising the travel, legal, lodging and logistical arrangements.The projected window is between August and mid-September 2014, with the album expected to be delivered to backers at the latest the end of October.Limited-run photobookThe photobook is a 120 page quality hard-cover book, with a deluxe version for certain backers containing behind the scenes material. Sample photographs: Budget The budget is calculated to be as low as we can possibly make it, while still delivering a great experience for the end user.The budget is roughly split into equal thirds, those being travel, trip expenses and post-production.Remaining budget, if any, will be spent on African goods and sent to £50+ backers along with their photo albums.AidUpon successful funding we would also love to sell sponsorship space on the vehicle itself, securingfunds to deliver humanitarian assistance to the people we encounter. Specifically, basic technology to advance the lives of the small villages and towns. For example: Water testing and purification equipment. Solar powered lighting so children can study at night. ThanksThanks for looking at the project.Best wishes Risks and challenges Security - Obviously we are travelling in the developing world and security is an issue. The UK Foreign & Commonwealth Office do not recommend against travel to either of these countries currently, nor do they specify and particular terrorism/criminal threats. The presence of local security/guide personnel will give us the ability to spot any unforeseen threats and avoid naive errors, whether these be security-related or cultural faux-pas. Corruption - This is potentially a problem in many parts of Africa and we really do not want to be in a situation where local "officials" are demanding money. We are gaining a full understanding of public showing in these two countries, so that we can make a legitimate case if anyone tries to prevent us. We are also seeking a letter of permission from both the Namibian and Botswanan governments via their embassies in London. Production/logistical problems - Again, this is Africa and there will be problems with transport, access to electricity, damage/theft of equipment etc. We are seeking to overcome these by carrying backups for all the major equipment and carrying our own generators. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter