River is a fantasy action adventure film about a young girl, River, who's life takes a tragic turn for the worst. Her family is murdered and her brother is kidnapped. River barely escapes and finds shelter in the home of Baotu, an isolated swordsman. The film centers on River's years with Baotu as she learns the art of combat and her search for her lost brother, Kosa. The cold hard truth that we as a production have had to admit is that we can't do this on our own. Our hearts are in this project and we will do all that we can to make it to the best of our abilities, but without a little outside help, we can only do so much. Here's where the funds would be distributed:Art Department - Possibly our biggest priority. Nothing matters if we can't get our world to look as believable as possible. This goes for everything from costumes to sets and everything in between.Logistical Costs - The other big priority with our film is to make sure that the actual process goes by smoothly for both cast and crew. Being a film with several outdoor locations and some hard to reach locations, this requires unique methods of transporting and storing the equipment as well as obtaining heaters and generators.Film - That's right! Some of this will be shot on film, as per school requirement. Only a small portion of the story will be shot on film but it still involves paying for the actual film stock as well as the developing and transferring of said film.Food - We want our cast and crew to make it through this production with bellies full of warm food on those cold night shoots.Permits - Some of our locations require us to obtain a permit and unfortunately they are not free.Special Effects/Post Production - Although there are few, the film does contain some special effects that require special attention. By donating of course! We know this part of fundraising has been repeated time and again, and is more than often cliched, but we sincerely mean it when we say that every little bit helps. Whether it's just donating one dollar or passing along our cause to someone else who might be interested. This project means a lot to us and we would love nothing more than to make it the best possible so that we can share it with all of you! Should this project go well, (and we are hoping naturally that it does!) we would love to make more. Our director has come up with a whole universe to play with, full of different worlds, characters, and stories! Risks and challenges As with any film project there are a number of "what if's" that we have to think about. Some of these, such as weather or illness, cannot be prevented as much as we would like. Thankfully we have crafted a schedule that allows us to "fall back" and re-shoot a scene that previously did not meet our standards for whatever reason. We have also allotted ourselves an ample amount of post production time in the event we see something we need to go back and touch up. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter