An album of exceptional quality and historical importance. Exclusive to you. Experience the passion and style of Italian driving machines almost first hand, by helping to fund this photo shoot in Italy's spiritual home of the exotic car - Maranello. Funded only on Kickstarter, the albums will feature only original shots, only material funded by your pledges and will only available to its backers.An original and comprehensive project.Shot by experienced Kickstarter photographer Grant Murray and shot at both Lamborghini & Ferrari's factories, test facilities and museums, this is an original and timeless snapshot of the history of both these great companies from their humble beginnings right up to 2014.The album of your choice will be securely delivered to you in September (projected date). BudgetThe modest budget will enable the small team of Grant Murray, principal photographer, and two assistants to plan and execute the trip and produce the album back in the London studio. Sample shotsThe album will feature tripod-shot photos from both museums: The same for both factory tours: And showrooms/exhibitions: As well as behind the scenes photos for high backers: A photographic expedition into the Arctic Circle, to capture the magnificent Northern Lights. Backers receive full resolution photos. Risks and challenges Security - Obviously we are travelling to a develop country so security is not a major issue. The UK Foreign & Commonwealth Office do not declare any major security concerns other than a generally low threat from theft and other crimes. Production/logistical problems - There is of course a slight chance of problems with transport, access to internet, damage/theft of equipment etc. We are seeking to overcome these by carrying backups for all the major equipment and documentation. If flights are delayed/cancelled we may not be able to fit in as much shooting as planned but the 5-day trip is intended to include more than enough time. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter