ApocalypseNew Album in the works by Organic Vs Mechanic.Hey everyone, it's Matthew: the mixer, producer, and backing vocalist for OvM. We are currently trying to raise funds to help us gather more gear, and upgrade current hardware to maximize our potential with the upcoming album, Apocalypse. So far, we are 5 tracks in, and we are doing the best with what we have available, but recent plug-ins and software/hardware releases have made us very excited and feel would be beneficial to the sound of OvM, in its entirety. It could open up a new range of sound for us, and we want to be able to bring that sound to you, the fans. A little backstory,Chase and I thought up the idea of OvM at a bar in downtown Salt Lake City in 2012, as just a joke between two friends who weren't serious about joining the industrial scene. One day in 2013, I called him up and asked if he would actually consider making it a reality, as I felt we actually had potential and could possibly bring something new to it. He agreed and we met up a week later, wherein we began writing and mixing together. Come a year later, in 2014, we had produced a really crappy EP that we thought was great (at the time.) The release was on June 1st, 2014, entitled "The Hooker Initiative". (Free on our Bandcamp right now.) We had a few purchases, and multiple sets of feedback, mostly letting us know that the sound was "subpar" at best. We didn't get a lot of reaction with it, which took us down a notch and we stepped away from it. Here, 2 years later, we recollected ourselves, and with more knowledge of the genre, as well as the programs and plug--ins we were using, we have come back with a new sound, and a whole new level of production value. (Which you can listen to the new songs released as soon as they are finished on our Bandcamp, in the Apocalypse section.)We are excited to be bringing you new content, and hope you share that same joy with us as we work towards this goal, and aim to bring you a full-length, well-rounded and well-produced album in December of 2016. A COMPARISON FROM 2014 TO 2016 New Release: Riot Please, let us know on our Facebook or Twitter (@OvMSLC) what options you would like to see for donations, as we are open to any ideas. Thank you for taking your time to read through this, and I hope we can bring you the content you love! We will keep everyone who donates up-to-date weekly when we do our recording sessions, as well as do live streams every Saturday (schedules allowing, that is) on Facebook for us to connect with you all.--Matthew Erickson Risks and challenges When it comes to risks or challenges, we really only face keeping things new and innovative with our music, which is why we are running this Kickstarter, to help us gain new equipment and software to keep the sound going nowhere but up. As far as merchandise goes, we go through our own third-party company, and the distribution will be easy, but does require a bit of time. That is why we inform you to give us 30 day's delivery time to get the merchandise out to you after ordering. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter