TL;DR VERSION: Rift Rush is a first person platformer with soon-to-come multiplayer race support developed exclusively for use with the Oculus Rift. It's very fun and we hope you'll back it.Please help us get on Steam! It'll make Multirush a better experience. http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=136068174A common concern with the gameplay in the video is, "it's ugly!" You're not wrong. Your backing will help us hire a desperately-needed artist to pretty things up around here.What are we making?Rift Rush is being developed to capitalize on exactly what the Rift offers gamers and nothing else.When we first got our hands on the Rift Developer Kit as part of Oculus' Partner Preview, one thing immediately came to mind; we wanted to jump on stuff and we wanted to see where we were going to land. Rift Rush has very few controller inputs - everything but moving forward and jumping is controlled by the Rift itself. (Okay, so this is only looking around and turning. Cut us a break. Rift Rush is a simple game. Sometimes simple games are the best!)Before long, we decided we wanted to play with our friends. We built Multirush. It was fun! Maybe, we figured -- just maybe -- other people would want to play it, too.Rift Rush comes in three flavors.Endless Rush: Most of the gameplay in our video is from this mode. In Endless Rush, you grow more powerful as the game grows more difficult. In between levels, you're given the opportunity to spend your earnings (granted from in-level pickups and end-of-level time bonus) on mobility powers (speedup, jump height, extra jumps, and so on). See how far you can go!"Story" Mode: A structured, more puzzle-y game. Story Mode has a story somewhere in between a Mario game and Virtue's Last Reward. More importantly, though, Story Mode is about crafting a plan to complete the level, selecting the right powers for the job, and executing well.Multirush: The crown jewel of our project. Multirush is a multiplayer mode where you and your friends (or enemies!) race through a level to be the first to the finish line. Try not to get too violent when your friend smashes you off-course mid-jump to the finish. Your Rift Kit is expensive, and hard to replace in a timely fashion.So why back Rift Rush?a) First and foremost: it's fun. The controls are crisp and natural and the music just makes you feel good as you jump toward victory.b) If you've got a Rift Developer Kit, this will be one of the first games you can play for it (and perhaps *the* first produced by a small team that will listen to your every iota of feedback and interrogation with an open ear).c) While Multirush won't be available until May, it's an amazing experience. Multiplayer experiences built just for the Rift are going to blow our gamer minds in the next few years. Honor us by letting Rift Rush's Multirush mode be your first.d) Palmer Luckey (Oculus founder!) said he enjoyed the demo a lot! (He hasn't played Multirush.) We've worked closely with Oculus to make Rift Rush a crisp, natural experience.What are we going to do with the money?Your funding will save our bacon thrice over. a) Polishing Multirush from a netcode perspective is going to take another month or two. It's functional, but not ready for prime time yet (or, okay, even beta. We'll be ready in late April/early May). We want to deliver what -- to us -- is an awesome Rift experience, and we don't want it to suck.b) While Rift Rush has awesome gameplay and crisp control, it needs a face lift. Your funding will go directly into a loving artist's pocket as he (or she!) helps make your Rift experience gorgeous.c) We'd love to be able to eat something other than ramen on a regular basis before our digestive systems give out, rendering us nothing but Multirush-addicted puddles. Maybe you'll help us save on literal bacon. That sounds delicious.You're not asking for very much money. Why not? What if we give you more money than you're asking for?We're going to complete Rift Rush regardless of the amount of funding we receive. We set our goal low because we're prepared to push forward with what we've got -- we just won't be able to hire an artist to help pretty things up. We also might not be able to eat, but that's not really your problem, is it?If you give us more than we're asking for, we're going to give it back in the form of a better Rift experience. We're going whole hog on this until you guys are happy. You're our players, and you're the only reason we exist.Your $5 pledge gives an estimated delivery date of January 2015. Do you know when the consumer Rift is coming out!?No. Absolutely not. It's an estimate! We don't know when the Rift will hit store shelves -- we're just promising that our game will be available well before then.Will you guys listen to my suggestions about how to make Rift Rush even better?Yes.Do you guys have any stretch goals?Sure! Why not.$9,999 - We hire on an additional artist. We would love to be able to do this.$10,000 - All pledges $10 and up will receive a copy of the simulator we built to acclimate ourselves to the simulation sickness occasionally experienced by new Rift users. Use it as a party game! DISCLAIMER: Do not play with valuables in front of you.$25,000 - Multirush will include a leaderboard system. If we can get Rift Rush on Steam, we'll also implement matchmaking via the Steamworks API. (Here's that Greenlight link again. :D http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=136068174)$50,000 - Secret! To be revealed if the $25,000 level is met. Risks and challenges No matter how our Kickstarter turns out, we're making Rift Rush so that fellow Development Kit recipients can experience it with their new hardware. Rift Rush is not a port - it was built for the Rift from the ground up. We got our hands on the Rift a few months ago, so we've had a bit of a head start. Rift Rush is already engine-complete. We'll be ready to release Rift Rush well before the consumer version of the Rift hits shelves; we project being done with the project by September 2013. If the Rift comes out before then -- and we're not ready to release Rift Rush -- we'll release a video of me eating my hat while wearing the Rift headset. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter