Summary: Hi, We are a group of students Who are trying to prove their worth to our school in order to receive funding. Our university will not fund us until they see we can make returns on real money and although we have a paper trading account on which we have made significant returns, the school still cannot justify funding us. We are trying to invest not only in our club but in our financial careers as well... We just seem to be stuck in this position and we would really appreciate some help.Listed below is an excerpt from our constitution for the club.We have clearly defined our purpose and goals below, as written in our Club’s Constitution: We are a group of mostly Business students devoted to furthering our knowledge and skill-set In the Investment World. We practice investing primarily in Equities and Derivatives, but we are also looking to expand to the Forex, Alternative, and Commodity Markets as well. We will use a combination of Fundamental and Technical analysis, In addition to developing our own proprietary formulas to attempt to predict the movement and volatility of Equities over time. We plan on Creating a Diverse Portfolio of assets that are balanced between speculative and defensive positions and to creatively use options to hedge our exposures to risk. We encourage anybody with a passion for the Markets and a drive to produce returns to come join us. Finance, CS, Accounting, and Econ Majors are preferred, but all majors are equally welcome. This is a great opportunity to learn about Trading/Investing and expose yourself to a variety of methods that can be highly translatable and useful in the real world. You can also bounce your ideas off of the other constructive members, subsequently becoming more certain in your current or future investing related endeavors. We look forward to Meeting with you all! Risks and challenges Our Risks are those similar to anyone in the money management world. There is systematic risk of the economy and stock market downturning. However, We have hedging strategies in place that will prevent any such losses. Our Challenges Are the fact that our University will not fund our clubs effort because we are not graduate students. We will have to convince them we are worthy enough first and then finally we will be approved for funding. We are Business undergraduates with a deep affinity for the stock market and a club that is passionate about becoming more successful. We have to prove to the school we can make returns on real money, not just fake money. A donation would mean the world to us so we can prove it to the school that we are worthy for their funding and to prove to ourselves that no matter the current challenges, we will always get through them. With a big donation we will recognize you as the benefactor to our club and we can co-name our club with any name you desire. Thank you :) Learn about accountability on Kickstarter