I am a father a blended family that consists of 7 boys and 1 girl. I have always struggled with my home teaching. Lots of excuses, lots of list changes, lots of missed calls. So, I decided to do something about it. As a graphic designer with 18 years experience I knew enough to get started and I am now working with a mobile app development company to develop an approximate cost for this app. IF WE CAN FULLY FUND THIS APP, IT WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR BOTH ANDROID AND IPHONE. I got tired of feeling bad each month when the reminders to get your home teaching done came 'round. If this app can help/motivate even a few people then I have done something good. Faith without works is dead. And I this is my attempt to stop hiding behind excuses and start a movement within elder's quorums around the globe. No More Excuses!I received such a great response from the sisters as well asking "Where's our app?" that I have already started working on it and plan to launch them both at the same time. But for that to happen we will need to blow my initial target out of the water. Some of the features for the visiting teaching app will include: Canning Video and printed instruction Family Home Evening Ideas and Resources Quick Links to your favorite Meetup and Facebook Groups Emergency Prep Resources and planning guides and anything else we can think of between now and then! So the visiting teaching app will not just a re-branded version of the the home teaching app. I know you are as excited about this as I am so, choose a level you are comfortable with and help me change the way home teaching AND visiting teaching are done FOREVER! Disclaimer: This app is not directly affiliated with the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, nor endorsed by the same. I am a member of the Church but that is as close as any tie gets. I love the Lord and I am just trying to do what I can to bring all unto Christ. Risks and challenges I have spent over a year mapping out all the features, the logistics behind them and how they can be integrated with existing data and technology on the web, but as with all things...change happens. The features of this app will only be modified if there is absolutely no alternative. The goal is to make the best home teaching and visiting teaching aid available for mobile devices. If we exceed our goal, every effort will be made to improve upon the base features. Apps take time and as you know, debugging is crucial. How many apps have you loaded into your phone with excitement only to be let down because it doesn't work. On my word, I will do everything within my power to ensure that this app is as bug free as possible. But as you know, there are many different devices on the market and your understanding is appreciated as the app is launched. Our launch window is currently 2 months from funding. This may be adjusted to ensure a quality app is produced but all perks will be given regardless of timeline for app development.. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter