Storytelling has been a part of human culture since before recorded history, and there is no experience quite like witnessing the magic of what we call "theater"- what I call "visual emotional storytelling" (still working on that catch phrase).Shakespeare is one of the greatest storytellers who ever lived, and while his work is still controversial, even occasionally problematic, the depth and beauty of the worlds (and words) he created is parallel to the enduring depth and beauty of the human experience- the more things change, the more they stay the same. To say that Shakespeare's plays are "still relevant" only touches on one aspect of their greatness; besides telling human stories that are still happening all around us, the literary work crafted by this genius exists in it's own stratosphere because of the very thing that many people can be turned off by- his glorious mastery and use of the English language. He invented words and created characters, tropes, and scenarios that can be (and have been) lovingly ripped off; yet no one does it like the Original. Shakespeare's shows are smart, violent, sexy, funny, gross, sad, uplifting... think of a word to describe how a play can make you feel, and Shakespeare gives it to you, day in, day out. It's all culturally important because it's magnificent- like the Statue of Liberty, or the Mountain Temples of Japan, which exemplify the pinnacle of mankind's potential in physical form. Shakespeare engineers temples of the mind, and once you see one of the Bard's shows, you have been welcomed into a church that will change your life and ask nothing other than an open mind and an open heart.So there's my basic Drama and/or English professor- style take on "why we still perform Shakespeare". This production of Twelfth Night is a transplant from UCLA's resident student Shakespeare company, where it was a recent success despite too few performances. June is a great time for Theater in Los Angeles because that is when we are blessed with The Fringe Festival- which brings everything from one man shows about alcoholic lawyers to travelling productions by the world's top theater troupes to sunny Hollywood. I have been attending the Fringe for a few years now, and while I am always a fan of new original works, I think one thing the Hollywood Fringe needs more of would be new productions of classic and/or established work- it would be great to open up a new (yet ancient) world of art and expression to the youthful "modern" audience that often come to see Fringe shows.That's where we come in! My name is Doug Kiphut, Chair of New Old Media Productions, and co-producer of Twelfth Night. The Director of this show is also my co-Producer, a frighteningly smart and talented young man by the name of Will Block- who I am quite certain will one day be the face of America's Shakespeare scene. Through Wlll's gifted direction, some great acting by a slew of soon-to-be-famous UCLA actors, and my ability to make things happen, we are bringing this show to the Hollywood Dance Center for our performances June 10th-19th! We are all very excited because both companies are fairly new, and this show will amount to many firsts for a majority of the cast and crew.Why help fund us? Good question. Short answer: Because we have a show, but need to pay for the space. Long and witty answer:Basically, we are broke students who love performing, and would do so on top of broken pallets in an abandoned parking lot... but aside from that being potentially unsafe, the Fringe Festival has some very specific guidelines as to where sanctioned performances can be held. We looked around for the best deal that would still acomodate our needs, and we found a lovely dance studio that has a small room we will be converting into a black box theater for two weeks. The funding will pay for the space rental fee, materials for some basic scenery (paint, muslin, etc.) and also help purchase some inexpensive lighting equipment- four LED- can lights @ $60 each. I would also like to have a small budget of $100 for marketing/advertising- we want to have some custom merchandise that we can sell at the shows and give to donors including T-shirts, buttons and stickers, and pencils with the show's graphic logo on them. I would also print some flyers, and do some old school canvas style marketing along with digital/social media advertising. Any money over the initial goal will go towards advertising, merchandise, and possibly a reception gala for opening night.We can make this happen, and we will- but we need YOUR help! DONATE TODAY! Risks and challenges The biggest challenges we face right now involve funding, and logistics. As far as funding, it's self explanatory; and once we are funded, money will be the least of our problems. The logistical issue we are facing is where to store the existing set and costume for the show, because the school's storage facilities are no longer available to us. I think the solution is going to be Will, Myself, and other Production Staff members literally living with our set pieces and costumes- but I've had to live with worse, so I think it will be fine. And it's only for a month... Learn about accountability on Kickstarter