Hey there !I'm a musician, learned classical singing (and sang at the Montreal Opera, and in the Montreal Symphonic Orchestra choir), learned composition (finishing a master's degree soon, currently writing a full-fledged symphony ! Singer and composer of my own metal band... You can listen to some of my stuff here https://soundcloud.com/pgberardi) and I'm currently working on creating concerts for freshly graduated music students to help them start their professional career !I'm currently organizing a concert for a brand new string quartet. 4 talented and dedicated people preparing around 50-60 minutes of music, which includes both new works from young composers (including a piece of my own !) and old classics from established ones.Understand that music is a really ultra-competitive environment, where few people get the amazing privilege of playing with professional ensembles/orchestras while most people pile up 2-3-4 different teaching jobs with a few gigs here and there, or simply do something else to manage their living (and make some music on the side). As young musicians, it's extremely hard to get known and create a following around you... Once you have it, you have to take care of it, that's another story, but getting people interested in the first place is the hardest thing.I aim for helping young musicians start their career by giving them great concert opportunities (good concert hall, professional recording and filming of their performance, presence of critics from various newspapers and music magasines, I take care of the publicity) where all they have to do is dedicate themselves to doing great music.Of course, all of this has a prize: renting the concert hall, paying the professional recording and filming, printing tickets and posters.... And... Most importantly, paying the musicians who actually play...Getting the money stress out is first priority, and this is where you can come in ! Risks and challenges A lot of things have already been done, the date has been set (November 2nd 2014 in the afternoon at 3 pm ) concert hall is reserved, musicians are available, someone to record the concert has been found, still looking for someone to film it, a musical critic has already confirmed his presence, waiting for confirmation of others... All I need right now is to get a good amount of money so I don't end up paying from my own pocket in the risk of insufficient ticket sales (which is the hardest thing with "great but without a name yet" musicians). Possible setbacks are last minute cancellation of any parties involved (concert hall giving priority to another event, audio guy getting another more interesting recording gig, musicians having a once in a lifetime opportunity on the concert date)... All things that can be fixed (finding another concert hall quickly, or another audio guy, or another musician) but last minute means more stress concerning the logistics and, more often than not, having a little extra money always helps (new concert hall could be more expensive, etc). Learn about accountability on Kickstarter