Our projectThe AppA creative video sharing app that does not only make video capture, editing and creative collaboration easy and fun but also fills a gap in the market as it offers features that other app currently out there don't have such as: the ability to apply multiple layers of effect to undo each layer and re-apply effects to save projects in progress and the ability to resume working on them to create, name and save custom effects Building a Creative CommunityAs part of this project we will also run a smartphone filmmaking competition and once a year a smartphone shorts filmfestival to bring filmmakers across Europe together to share ideas, collaborate and to display their work to a broad audience.This will further encourage the production and making of films captured and edited on a smartphone device. How is FilmKit different to other film apps currently available?1. Video processing on a smartphone device requires complex programming skills and a lot of optimisation. For this reason, currently only photo apps enable to layer effects and to create your own filters. FilmKit is the only video editing app that allows to add multiple effects to a clip and to create, save and re-apply custom effects.2. No video apps currently available enable to share videos with friends from within the app. We want to offer the advantage of a shared cloud based and easy to access media storage that allows to easily share footage and to work on projects simultaneously from different devices. This is one of the features we would like to develop with the funding. How are we going to use the funding?We would like to add the following features to FilmKit to improve the app, enable collaborative video production, allow user to tell a story made of multiple clips and to make the app available to a broader user base. video processing enhancement. bug fixes. the ability to process sound and add music to a video. an IOS version of FilmKit. ability to work on projects collaboratively without accessing the app. ability to merge clips in a timeline. ability to share and rate effects and to view videos captured by friends that use shared effects. The VisionFilmKit's vision is to take the genre of smartphone films, especially its intuitive nature and the idea of the 'smartphone filmmaker on the go', to the next stage by providing a toolkit that fits into every pocket. The project also seeks to encourage video collaboration and sharing. We want to encourage people to work on projects together and to create inspiring video stories by merging impressions and ideas. This project aims to connect people of all ages and social groups, who are passionate about filmmaking and maybe aspire to be a director but do not have the means to buy expensive kit.We would like to explore the idea of a minimalistic approach to filmmaking in the digital age, which offers great flexibility and new creative opportunities. As Martin Scorsese, said "The tools don’t make the movie, you make the movie." In the long term, we also want to bring an educational version of Filmkit into the classroom and want to encourage pupils and students to use digital technologies in a meaningful way and help to facilitate their learning.The TeamWe are a young and international team from Germany, the UK and Pakistan. Our team consists of filmmakers, creatives and software developers, who enjoy bringing together technology and creativity in their work and to enable others to unleash their creative potential. We are all extremely passionate about smartphone filmmaking and video collaboration. Risks and challenges Developing an application that has the potential to influence and change people's lives is all about knowing our users and understanding what they want. This is currently our biggest challenge. Therefore, we are in touch with 3 universities and creative communities of filmmakers based in the north of England and the East Midlands. Further challenges will be to develop and deliver high quality, bug free and user friendly but cutting edge technology that contributes in a meaningful way to current research and facilitates innovation in the area of video processing on portable devices. This has been addressed by bringing together a team of skilled developers and by being able to make use of the vast expertise in computer science and technology made available by a leading university, which kindly supports this project by encouraging their students developers to get involved. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter