Fotros company after 3 hard conditions , has decided to bring Gorgin to digital world . We are ready to familiarize you with a new hero. Gorgin ,an adventurous action game, is a hack and slash that is made with a story from Ferdowsi’s Shahnameh. This game is occurred in an environment that is so familiar to ancient Persian kingdom . Also it is full of magic , love and hate , like all of other legends. Along this story we become familiar with a part of Persian’s history and heroes and stories of incomparable Shahnameh . We hope that this game reminds you old game generation of computing games . With help of you , the stages of producing of this game moves forward so faster than before . Gorgin isn’t an idea. Surely, some of people who watch this project , think that , this is limited to a nice story with some concepts but , it isn’t true . in this 3 years , I supply a lot of concepts with my own budget. And I completed game design with help of my team. Also we made a lot of 3d models for our game. It’s interesting that we supply a playable of game for testing all of the above stages Then , I should say that, Gorgin isn’t an idea , but , it is a practicable project. Ancient Iran(persia) : All of the game occurred in ancient Persia , from north to south and east to west in forests , mountains , caves and plains . In ruined lands which are conquered by satanics . In fact the space of this game is so dark that with existence of wealth and natural resources begins to decline because of absence of heros. We can examine the game’s space with style of adventurous action games and in this way we can find a way to be more powerful. Also by finding of slips of papers of old books or meeting with characters we can be familiar with previous stories. White wolfs land : Because of good relation that Gorgin has with wolfs , this is an important part of the game. In this land that Gorgin protects it , We can increase our abilities and learn new skills. Simorgh’s cave :after that Zaal entrust the responsibility of protecting Simorgh’s feathers to Gorgin , He took these feathers do a legendary cave that is full of dangers and puzzles . Because of it , this cave was a holy place for all of the people in that time and just satanic people molested to it. Zavarvan Swamp : this is a nice place in this game. The swamp that is among the northern forest and always is doggy and way of it changes all the time. The passage of time in this place is slow or so fast. Gorgin : He is Miladdan’s son . Miladdan is one of the Keykavous’s generals in the war with Touraniyan . But in our story Gorgin is hero , that has a heavy duty and should end this duty for this last assignment. Gorgin’s appearance is like a wolf and the reason of this similarity and friendship is said during the story . Gordafarid: she is an intelligent warlike Gazhdaham’s daughter. She was the first Persian hero woman who was very good at combat . in our story Gordafarid is Gorgin’s friend . Also she is a character who you can play with. The White Wolf :it is one of Gorgin’s friends and always is with him because of the order of ruler of wolfs. Enemy character : Sepanchaghar :He is a lamine devil and main enemy in our story. He lives in big castle in a hot and burning desert. After the period of heroes, he become so powerful bye the help of magicians and he has the responsibility of destroying of all the agricultural produces. Gorgin’s sings :In our story a wise old man gives 3 signs to Gorgin htat by help of them he can prevail over his enemies. Each of these 3 signs are very important and gave him particular ability. For example the amordad sign that helps Gorgin to fight at forgetfulness lands. These signs can raise to higher levels. This game publishes just for Windows. But by help of you we want presented this game on Playstation and XBOX. Just as we promised if we have a mount of money we can publish this for consoles. We try to present the Kinect copy after mutual agreement, Also we have some plans for PSVITA. We choose kickstarter because here people chose which project has the value to work on. Surely Kickstarter helps independent game designers and the reason is the support of people. We hope thet Gorgin project will be admired and will be supported to let us to present this game for all of it’s fans. Risks and challenges We are ready to make Gorgin Game. planning of tine has done and our team are ready. The act of pre-producting is complete. In fact the only problem for making this game is financial problem. We need primary money to continue our project. We try to finish our project will the summer of 2016. But as you know sometimes unpredictable problems should happens, and we may face with delay. But we guarantee that this game will be made with the best quality. We plan 3 years to complete this project, and we sure that if we don’t have any financial problems, this will be produced comfortably. Also, We ask people who see our project in Kickstarter to to protect an share with friends to help us to produce this game. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter