Greetings fans and friends of DELTAnine and Hot Jambalaya! Thanks to your support, we'll be able to continue to create this awesome Halloween, horror, and amazing live concert experience featuring two class acts at Chameleon Bookstore in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Now it's time for us to take that next step....I need to fund the lighting and production of the this event so it's one to remember. We're aiming to bring your nightmares to life with a one-of-a-kind Halloween/horror multimedia VIDEOmetry projection induced live concert experience! This is it! I need your help! Meet the acts...HOT JAMBALAYA:Hot Jambalaya is the brainchild of NJ based electronic producers Mikey Likes iT and Bartlomein. The pair incorporates an ever expanding cornucopia of musical influences from around the globe and through the cosmos to take the listener on an auditory adventure through time and space. Their unique blend of funky, slippery, glitched out bass music has earned them slots at such notable northeast festivals as Uphoria 2012 and The Magnetic Gathering. Over the past few years, they've shared the stage with Michal Menert, Conspirator, Bluetech, Heyoka, Govinda, Phutureprimitive, Freddy Todd, Knight Riderz, Kaminanda, Skytree, Higher Organix and Space Jesus. Their debut "Freemix EP" is a collection of remixes showcasing their ability to create lush, immersive soundscapes that are constantly evolving and undeniably danceable. Their sonic versatility is evident through the diverse spectrum of artists they chose to remix including Aaliyah, Peter Gabriel, The Doobie Brothers and The Soweto Gospel Choir. In early 2013, Hot Jambalaya garnered significant national exposure with the release of their single "Doctor Who" as an exclusive download on TrapMusic.net. The track received over 10,000 plays in its first week and represents the uninhibited psychedelic progression of the 'trap' genre. With a host of new releases slated in the next few months and the summer festival season quickly approaching, the duo are poised for a breakout year. https://soundcloud.com/hot-jambalayaDELTANINE:DELTAnine is a ensemble of producers from Baltimore, MD. that have an endless devotion to creating jamtronica music. Their combined sound is derived from years of different musical projects, DJing nightclubs and house parties, proficiency with multiple acoustic and electronic instruments, and the acquired knowledge of electronic music production. Formed in late 2011, DELTAnine have opened for acts like Conspirator, Dopapod, The Manhattan Project, The Mantras, D.V.S., Damn Right!, The Werks, Dirtyphonics, Vibesquad, Opiuo, and Smash Gordon, to name a few. Their 7 song album "Igneous Rock" was released on Bandcamp.com in mid-April 2013 and has been very well received by the jam/electronica community. The future has a lot to come for this diverse group. https://soundcloud.com/deltanineofficialWhat will the money be used for?Close to half the money we raise on this Kickstarter campaign (after the cost of rewards and processing fees) will go towards the rental of the equipment and additional lighting we need in order to reproduce a thrilling and horrific Halloween setting. The other half will go towards the production of the stage elements and props that will play such a huge part in this show.When will this show debut?We plan to debut this show in Johnstown, Pennsylvania on Friday, November 1st. Once we produce this show, we have a plan in place that will allow the concert to sustain itself financially as we expand the Halloween show in years to come.What if we exceed our goal?Here’s where things get even more exciting. $500 is the bare minimum that we need to produce this and make it into a memorable experience. That being said, additional funds would allow us to expand the scope of every aspect of the show. As we surpass our goal, we will unlock more stretch goals and rewards!In closing...This show has been a long time coming. It is a huge step in Hullabaloo Productions history and we’re asking for your support to make it a reality. To our fans, thank you again for your support over the years. To everyone reading this, thank you for taking the time to listen to us. We hope you’ll join us on this exciting production... Risks and challenges There is a chance that our anticipated theme of this show may be affected if we don't acquire the support system we need to make it happen. That being said, having an experienced team who is used to working under deadlines gives us a great deal of confidence that we will premiere the show the was it has been envisioned. The show must go on! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter