My wife and I both love pets. Right now we have two cats, Fluffer and Luna. Can you guess which one's the chubby one? Fluffer's such a good kitty but spends all of his almost 11 years eating and cuddling. Luna's the one in charge even though she's the tiny one. Fluffer weighs 23 pounds. Luna's like 8 pounds, maybe. Here's a pic of them: Fluffer's mom was a Tortoise-shell kitty from a pet store and I used to let her go outside. I'm not sure what Fluffer's dad was but we're guessing mountain lion. lol. Or Garfield.....I kept his mom inside after that and she lived a pretty good life till she had a heart problem one night :( She was SUCH a good kitty. We called her Rogue but her nickname was Shark Tail. She used to walk under people's legs back and forth like a shark with her tail up. lolI LOVE dogs and my wife likes them a lot, too. I'm a little more obsessed with them than she is having had a few including two Dachshund when I was little, a half Wolf half Shepherd when I was just out of college, and I basically raised an ex girlfriend's Beagle. AWESOME dogs! Beagle are kind of loud and they walk using their noses, so it's not really safe to have them off-leash too much, but other than that they're great dogs. We're going to get something soon. Maybe a Lab, although I kinda want a Golden Retriever. We both like Labradoodles, bu I kind of want it to double as a guard dog for her IF it had to. Labs and Retievers are much more imposing than Labradoodles. I also LOVE coffee. I drink about 6 cups a day if I have 1. I used to spend all my free time in coffee shops on the Yale campus in New Haven. I love all kids of coffee. One of my favorites is called Turkish Coffee. I drink the whole thing, no cream, no sugar, and yes, the stuff at the bottom for those of you that've had it. I love it. The sad thing is where I live, Fairfield County by the water lots of parks and apartments accept dogs now, but not a lot of stores do. So I thought why not combine the two? Why not have a coffee shop that pet owners can bring their dogs into? There will be couches and pet beds, water for the pooches, doggie treats, or cookies as we call them, and great tunes. It's win win for everyone! Risks and challenges I had a business before so I know how to open a business. I'd have to take the food service course again since it's been more than 5 years and my license for that expired. Then there's the planning, then permits to do. Construction can have lots of delays so it helps to be hands-on and do as much yourself as possible, and then there's inspection and assuming you pass that: time. It takes a while to get the word out, but people love pets and love to spend on pets and they love coffee so I think it's a home run. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter