The Kegdata project started in 2011 when my friend Lou unexpectantly ran out of keg beer over and over in his home Kegerator. We looked into every conceivable option and researched every method to monitor keg levels and found out there was nothing that was inexpensive, wireless or did not require resetting or user intervention, we were after the "holy grail of autonomousness", we succeeded. We developed something far more advanced than a flow meter or a scale. Scales are by far the least desirable method. They require user resetting and are plagued by people putting things on kegs in walk in coolers. You also can't stack kegs, which is common. Flow meters also require people to reset them when they put in a new keg and are expensive. Kegdata can tell you how much beer is left in a keg with it's patented tap!We worked for three years and spent about $250k to get to where we are now, with final production samples and very little debt. Almost all of the molds and engineering fees are paid, however we hired a new firm to fine tune the firmware and provide ongoing firmware support. The first run of production needs to be 500 sets and the cost is about $150,000. All of the costs for the infrastructure, including software, computers and office equipment have been paid. KegData is at the threshold of the production and the sales portion of our startup. The total company debt is less than $4,000 at this time.Another key feature is that the coupler will untap as soon as it knows you are out of beer, so no foam or beer spew in your glass! All of this is patented, utility and design. We hope other people who run out of beer in their home kegs know how frustrating this problem is and will help us get this exciting new project to market. www.kegdata.com. View from a smartphone, one keg The pressure sensor board The Basic System You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 If you love beer like we do this is the project for you!!! If funded I will personally guarantee that you will get your system!Here is a video of the system working at my bar at home. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Risks and challenges Almost every challenge of our project has been overcome. The two partners Kevin Beal and Lou Apostolakis both provide unique skills to the company. Kevin Beal is a proven inventor with his first company Cruzin Cooler, which went from an idea to sales of about $20M before he sold the company in 2013. He works full time for the company, currently without a salary. He has expertise in startups, accounting and global sourcing. Lou is very skilled at the technology required for this project. He has advanced knowledge of the system, components and networking challenges. There is little left to do to bring this project to market, other than some firmware "tweaking". The web is also up and working and is being updated daily to add more functionality and user reporting. We do not anticipate any further delays as the mechanical final preproduction samples are now here. There is of course the chance of production delays overseas or other unknowns. We have working prototypes online that are delivering data from various kegs and accounts. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter