The Idea:A mystery waiting to be solved...Recently I was looking over some old pictures trying to remember where each one was taken when I realized the process would have been fun if some clues had been thrown in. Add to that my slight Kickstarter addiction and here we are. I'm going to be traveling this spring and I plan on using the time to work on my photography. I have always loved sending postcards but whenever I sat down to write one out I had no idea what to put down. Now I do...My plan is to take my photos, write some clues on the back and have them professionally printed as postcards and mailed. Then you use the clues to figure out where they were taken. A few weeks after I mail each postcard I will post the answer online. Check out the sample postcards below to see what I mean. Sample Mystery Postcard One*: Click on the back of the postcard for the answer.*These images will not be included in the postcards mailed out this spring. They are just to give you an idea of how this works and what you will get should you back the project. If you do back the project all images mailed out to you will be completely new. Sample Mystery Postcard Two: Click on the back of the postcard for the answer. Sample Mystery Postcard Three: Click on the back of the postcard for the answer.Scroll down for more sample postcards. How it works: I will be sending out a total of sixteen different postcards over four months (one a week). The clues will only be printed on the back of the postcards, they will never be posted online. You will have four weeks to use the clues on the back to figure out what the picture is of (you could always avoid checking the updates if you want more time). Four weeks after each postcard is mailed I will post the answer on mysterypostcards.com, send out a backer update, and update all social media pages as well. Updates will also include a description and more photos to give you a better idea of the subject. I hope to use the updates and posts on mysterypostcards.com as a chance to tell the story of each place. Check out the posts about the sample postcards on mysterypostcards.com and each of my social media pages for an idea of what the updates will include. The postmark will not give away the location. The postcards are being professionally printed and they will be mailed to you from the printer's distribution center closest to you. My goal is to make this an actual challenge. I will not be using obvious locations. If you find the sample postcards a challenge you should find the new ones a challenge too. The goal is to get the first postcard out at the beginning of June and continue at a rate of one per week. They will all be sent out by the end of September. If you sign up for more than one you will receive them throughout June, July, August and September. The postcards are printed on high quality paper and arrive in excellent condition. I only noticed a tiny smudge or two on some of the cards and that was only after I specifically looked for them. Pretty impressive when you think about how far it is from Phoenix to New Jersey. Click Back this Project to select the number of postcards you would like to receive. Remember your credit card will only be charged if and when the campaign meets its goal (April 9). #MysteryPostcards Sample Mystery Postcard Four: Click on the back of the postcard for the answer. Sample Mystery Postcard Five: Click on the back of the postcard for the answer. Sample Mystery Postcard Six: Click on the back of the postcard for the answer. Sample Mystery Postcard Seven: Click on the back of the postcard for the answer. Rewards: I will be sending out a total of sixteen different postcards over four months (one a week). You can pledge to receive as many as you want, whether you just want one or you want the complete set. You can also pledge to receive multiples of any reward.** These postcards can be sent as a gift. When the survey is sent out after the campaign all you would need to do is enter the recipients name and address.** All images used on the postcards will be completely new. There is no shipping fee for US or international backers. After the campaign is over a survey will be sent out requesting the name and address you want the postcards mailed to. Postcards will be mailed out once a week over four months. They will all be sent out by the end of September. If you sign up for more than one you should receive one a week throughout June, July, August and September. If you sign up for one postcard you will receive the first postcard. If you sign up for two you will receive the first two, three receive the first three and so on. If you still have any questions feel free to contact me. **See Multiple Addresses section below. Multiple Addresses: These postcards can be sent as a gift. When the survey is sent out after the campaign all you would need to do is enter the recipients name and address (unless you are pledging for more than one set). If you do pledge for postcards to be sent to more than one name and/or address you will have to email me the extra addresses as the survey only allows one address. If you want multiples of any reward simply select the reward you want and multiply your pledge amount by however many you would like to receive. For example if you wanted to send three of the first postcard to three different people you would click the back this project button, select the $4 reward and enter $12 for your pledge amount. You will be able to enter your name and address in the survey that will be sent out when the campaign ends. If you still have any questions feel free to contact me. International Backers: Anyone, anywhere in the world can back this project as long as their country has a functioning postal service. There are no extra costs for international backers. The clues will be written in English. If you still have any questions feel free to contact me. Timeline: Why Kickstarter?I could never pull off a project like this without Kickstarter. In fact I didn't even realize something could actually come from my idea until I was browsing the site one night and put two and two together.At first I started this project as a way to pay for an expensive lens but as I've put more work into it, it has become all about the project for me. I'm really excited about my idea and I hope you like it too. Get it Done:The best way to make this project a success is to pledge the campaign! Whether you can pledge or not, if you find my idea interesting and want to help the campaign move along you can do so by spreading the word. There are share links under the main photo at the top of the page and links to my social media pages below. #MysteryPostcardsIf you have any questions or suggestions please leave a comment or contact me. I'd love to hear what you have to say. Thanks for your support! Risks and challenges After the project is funded the only real issues would be postal delays, equipment failure (or theft), or some unforeseen circumstances that delay my trip. I don't see postal delays as much of a potential issue. I have used this service before and they are extremely quick with excellent customer service. The speed of your local post office is obviously out of my hands, which is why I've chosen to wait four weeks to post the answers. In the case of equipment failure or theft I would do whatever was necessary to replace my equipment (I have insurance). If my trip were delayed I would still go through with the project but at a later date. In the event that I could not go through with the trip I would refund everyone's money. Backers will be kept up to date on all progress with regular backer-only updates. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter