We are running this Kickstarter campaign in order to help us understand if this is something that people will be interested in. So in a way, the amount You pledge will be a "vote" for this idea!As long as the memories are preserved, the loved ones who are no longer with us will remain alive. We wanted to create something that would help people preserve those memories, and share the important facts and other information with each other. We also wanted to come up with something that would take the traditional burial site to a new, modern, more technological, more interesting level. We all have relatives, family members, friends, and simply loved ones who passed away and left us. MemoBook portal is made in order to help preserve the memories and information about them. It would be very interesting for others to see how people looked, find out who they used to be, and learn more about their lives, as well as share all the stories that are relative to that person, along with the photos and even videos. Also, a lot of people do not have any knowledge of how a certain relative left this life, when and where. The additional available gadget that we came up with is granite and glass protected, solar and battery powered tablet that will be installed on one person’s gravestone. It will store information such as photos, audio recordings, and videos that are relative to the deceased person. Also, using network, visitors will be able to leave self captured photos and notes, and connect with the other relatives. We also will place a QR-code in order to help navigate the visitor directly to the buried person’s personal profile page. The tablets base will be made out of granite and thick protective glass that would prevent any kind of vandalism from happening. Our MemoBook Cube is going to be placed right on top of a gravestone. Eventually we are planning to offer customized gravestones as well. The solar-powered MemoBook cube is going to contain an internal battery, and the tablet/photo frame device inside of it. This all is going to be protected under a thick hit-proof glass.The device is going to be available in different color/stone options: We feel like something like this is very much needed in many people’s lives. Let’s make the memories last forever together. Risks and challenges Some of the risks and challenges that we might face: 1) Making sure we create a good quality product that lasts for a long time and works up to certain standard. We are planning to create multiple prototypes and test them throughly before moving any further. 2) Applying for patent(s). Even thought this process is quite expensive, we are hoping to get this done as soon as we can. We are going to have to get help from a lawer as well. 3) Making sure we budget correctly. Development process can be very costly. We have to make sure that we have enough money to go with this all the way. 4) Finding a good company that would be able to make our product for us in bulk. Again, developing a great quality product is extremely important to us. We will need to partner up with someone who can keep up with our standards and have an acceptable cost/quality ratio for us at the same time. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter