POLE is a physical theatre piece that combines pole dance with verbatim script and will be showing at The Underbelly for the Edinburgh Fringe Festival from the 6th until the 31st of August 2015About the show3 Poles, 3 Physical Performers and a whole lot of juice. This verbatim piece challenges the preconceptions of femininity through pole dancing, physical theatre and words. Capturing and re-telling the accounts of various women for whom pole dancing is a means of expression, fitness or forced entertainment. This piece, while witty and comical, is also harrowing and honest. The dialogue is sharp and fiery, so are the women and so is the dancing. Our piece turns the Vagina monologues upside down...literally. About the company Amy, Anais and Lyndal first worked together in the sell out immersive show Project X, a co-production between Tradesecrets and the London Transport Museum. They have decided to collaborate on this piece because of their shared, yet varied physical background, skills and ongoing forms of training, as well as their desire to tell women's unique, significant and unheard stories.Their vision is to present a piece using poles as the scaffold upon which women's true, heartfelt stories are brought to life visually, combining physical theatre with traditional pole dance and verbatim text.That's not to say that their movement, at times, will not be 'sexy,’ but the intention is to challenge the audience to consider whether a woman's choice to safely and joyfully express her sensuality and femininity is really such a terrible thing.BiosAmy Bellwood - Performer Amy trained as a dancer and then went onto study acting at East 15 Acting School. Working professionally as an actor for 4 years she is now training in Aerial Trapeze. She has extensive physical theatre experience and is excited about experimenting more with drama and physical form. She hopes to create something visually astounding and compelling. Amy’s Spotlight CV: http://www.spotlight.com/6298-9080-8970Anais Alvarado - Performer Anais is a former professional rhythmic gymnast. She trained from age 6 to age 14, and since then has stayed very close to fitness through dance, sports and movement. She obtained an MA in acting from TAI, in Madrid, Spain. Since she moved to London in 2010, Anais has performed in several verbatim and physical theatre shows. She is a registered yoga teacher and is thrilled to venture into pole dancing for this project. Anais’s Spotlight CV: http://www.spotlight.com/5412-5640-4394Lyndal Marwick - Performer - Choreographer Lyndal is a physical theatre actress who trained at the London International School of Performing Arts. Her love of movement started at a young age, when her mum put her in gymnastics lessons. As well as performing for highly physical companies, Lyndal trains, teaches and performs at a professional level in artistic pole dancing. Last year, she entered her first ever pole competition and won. Lyndal’s Spotlight CV: http://www.spotlight.com/1615-6750-6561BudgetAccommodation (1 month self catered apartment) Approx. £3000Travel (Return flights x 3people) Approx. £300Transportation of set/tech (By CORWINGS) £367 Insurance (By Insure and Go) £80 Poster and flyer design and print (by Thefringeshop.co.uk) £125Fringe registration £295.20 Venue deposit £1,233.00 JVB Brochure £500Show Operator £600Total: £6500Extras:Contingence (15%) £975Subsistence (1 month travel x 3 people) Approx. £900Subsistence (1 month food x 3 people) Approx. £1000Private PR £2400 Risks and challenges Once we hit our target (fingers crossed!) We might find certain obstacles on the way. It might be that the writing and editing of the script proves more difficult than we have estimated, or that the writing process turns out to take longer than we expected. If that is the case, we will get in touch with writers whom we know and reach out for advice. We might also run a few private readings with actors and writers to get feedback of what works and what doesn't. Another risk in a piece like this is a possible injury. If one of us happens to get an injury, we can definitely adjust the show to be performed by two actresses. It wouldn't be ideal, but it can be done. Initially, we thought it would be a challenge to find pole dancers who were willing to tell their story and share their words in a show, but it has actually proven to be the other way around, women are very keen to speak to us and really quite open to share their experiences. We also thought it would be challenging to find a good venue that would be interested in our show. But a week after we applied to the Underbelly for the Edinburgh Festival we received an offer. That has been the best motivation so far, we couldn't be happier with our venue! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter