Welcome to this Kickstarter project from Dubdisk Records.We’re an independent record label who started in mid-2011 to help local artists reach a wider audience. We promote a unique sound and style which makes us stand apart from the mainstream scene. Over the past year we have seen an increase in our vinyl dubplate orders. Unfortunately we don’t make any money on vinyl sales at the moment as everything we sell is individually pressed which is an expensive and time consuming process.We want to take the next step in growing the label and to cement ourselves into the UK record industry by producing vinyl for regular release. We also want to put our town on the map as a serious place for creative music in competition with the Bristol and London scenes. The idea to use Kickstarter came from one of our DJs who thought that rather than fund directly into the label (which is just about self-supporting at the moment) we could crowd source not only the tracks to be released but the funding for the release as well. This way we can directly engage our fans by not only having them pick what they want to play, but also getting them directly involved in how we release music. We need support to help materialise the dream of moving our record label past a minor independent label into something much more substantial. Following our first dip into the vinyl market we intend to change our business model to support this transition. We plan to release a limited edition run for general resale as well as to press copies for everyone who has been kind enough to help us get this project up and running. Once we reach the initial target, for every additional 15 commitments we will press another 100 copies of the record for general resale (above the initial 200 pressings for resale).The reward for your generosity is a pre-release, signed copy of this limited edition record, including a personal thanks from the artists involved as well as a bonus CD of previously unreleased exclusive Dubdisk tunes and some promotional goodies. If we don’t reach the goal via Kickstarter we will have to either bump up prices for our music to fund a release (which could hurt sales) or hold investment on advertising until we can save the cash needed to do this on the label’s books. The only alternative is, of course, to give up :( In case you were wondering where your commitment is going: 200 records for distribution = £550 100 records for sponsors = £100 Delivery for sponsor records (from distributor) = £42 Packaging for vinyl = £40 UK delivery for sponsors = £200 Kickstarter fee (5%) = £45 Don’t forget to vote for the release as well! Thanks for spending some time looking at this project, we hope that you’ll help us to continue to grow and to realise the ambitions of everyone here at Dubdisk Records by funding this Kickstarter project (or you might just want some kick-ass signed vinyl which is fine too). You can listen to more Dubdisk tracks here. More information is available from info@dubdisk.com Risks and challenges The only foreseeable set backs are issues with distributors and getting vinyl pressed. There may be some slip on delivering items depending on how accommodating suppliers may be. The pre-release copies may, depending on how quickly we receive them, be close to the release date of the record. Of course, we will do our very best to send them on immediately after receipt. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter