Our website: www.pinpointbeauty.co.ukOur Facebook: www.facebook.com/pinpointbeautyukBeauty professionals are good at beauty, one thing they're not always so good at is advertising. Pinpoint Beauty was created to give beauty professionals a place to advertise their services, without forking out thousands of pounds for website or hundreds of pounds for advertising. Pinpoint Beauty has already proven very popular for the limited number of clients we have signed up. The beauty professionals like the fact they are allowed their own personal profile, they can display pictures of their work, prices they charge and areas they cover. The customers love the idea as they can search through high quality profiles, searching up prices, reviews and examples of work which all aids their decision making process. Each beauty professional pays £20 per month. In return we create them a personal profile, taking information about them and making it appealing to the customer. They can send us pictures to use and can pick colour schemes and designs. We can also display reviews left by clients for new clients to see. Their potential customer can then look through the Pinpoint Beauty website based on services they require and the area in which they live. They can then select a profile to view and contact their beauty professional directly through the website. We have already had around 10 people sign up and they have been receiving a steady flow of bookings. However, due to financial restrictions on our end, we now need an investment to ensure the growth of our website continues. The majority of your investment will be spent on advertising to further promote the website to beauty professionals and customers. We will also use the investment to help increase our area coverage. If you have any questions, please do feel free to ask. Logo Risks and challenges We have already created our website and began promoting it. However, at this stage all of the money we make from sign ups has gone into funding the website, leaving us little to advertise the company. It's a little bit chicken and egg at the moment but with an investment, we will be able to have a big push on advertising and get the message out there and sign up more people! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter