VISIT: www.georgescottreports.com for additional details and context.Throughout Texas, parents and taxpayers have come to understand that something has gone terribly wrong in public education accountability.The worst of the problems have been created because of the dishonesty of the accountability testing movement in Texas. For all kinds of reasons the Shadow School Board project will document that the State of Texas and the Texas Education Agency have spent the last 26 years since the development of the TAAS testing program (through today's STAAR test) grossly misrepresenting what Texas students' true academic skills are relative to actual grade level.During this time, the growth of the unmitigated power of educational administrators and powerful vested interests in the private sector that have reaped billions of cumulative dollars from the system have overwhelmed the historical and traditional role of Texas school boards in representing the interests of students, parents and taxpayers.Today's local school board is a shell of what it once was. In pursuit of one of those classic and goofy educational mantras - "A Team of 8" - the institution has dramatically changed its priorities to become a protector of its administration and a defender of our unacceptable status quo.My Shadow School Board will try to explain what has happened; why it is has happened; and give extremely practical advice and detailed, how-to guidance showing parents, taxpayers, and would-be reformers specific steps they can take in their communities.HERE'S HOW:I am going to stop telling and start showing. I have assembled my own team and we are forming a Shadow School Board. We are going to focus our efforts on the iconic school district of Katy I.S.D. Despite its reputation, everything that has gone wrong in public education has gone wrong in Katy I.S.D. The problem is that the accountability system in Texas is so dishonest that many of the problems are disguised. Don't be misguided. As a strategical methodology, we are targeting one school district so we don't spread our resources to thin to be effective. Everything we do in Katy can be extrapolated to your district because the common denominators of every school district in Texas are the same reporting systems and the same dishonest accountability system. We are going to obtain extensive information; we are going analyze that information; we are going to develop policy votes on accountability standards. And, we are going to document everything we do. And when we do it in Katy, we will show you how to do it from border to border throughout Texas. We are going to obtain and analyze contracts and job descriptions and job performance standards of administrators. And, we are going to evaluate how those documents correlate to improved student academic performance - or do not. In summary, our Shadow School Board will do in the shadows of government what your real school board should be doing in the sunshine.What's our Product?At some point on or before April 30, the Shadow School Board will produce, as a result of its focus on Katy I.S.D., a detailed manual of reform that provides parents, taxpayers, and organizations interested in reform practical steps to take in their own communities.You will note from our rewards profile that the benefits come from participation and conversation with our project leaders. That's because this manual will be free of charge in electronic form.Our goal is not to make money on this project. Our aim is to level the playing field between true reformers and powerful vested interests that have overwhelmed public education including our local school boards.This project still believes that the local school board can make a difference. Our goal is to help citizens achieve positive results in their communities. Risks and challenges There are two primary challenges: The first one is to convince people outside of Katy I.S.D. that letting my Shadow School Board focus on Katy helps them in their home school district. There is an element of trust here, but the people I have assembled for this project understand that we are going to focus upon an iconic school district to create a real template that will work statewide. The second challenge is to raise the money to pay for the significant costs we will face in obtaining data in custom public information requests from Katy I.S.D. Relevant public information is the vast majority of what the budget will buy. Without this data, there can be no project that will allow us to create the template to make this project valuable statewide. We have set a minimum budget and because of my great team, we will be able to deliver the promised product at this level of funding. IF we raise additional funds, we will be able to retain targeted additional consultants for specific work that will make the product even more sophisticated. Additional funds would allow us more flexibility in statewide communications efforts. It is important to stress that while the methodology of this project focuses initially upon a single school district, the focus is upon creating a statewide effort. Additional funds beyond the minimum will go for that cause. My professional background makes me uniquely qualified to direct this project. My first professional job was as a reporter and news editor of a daily newspaper in Fort Bend County, Texas. Since, I have also served as a publisher or owner of community newspapers in the Houston area. I have also served as senior researcher and then president of a major nonprofit research organization in Harris County for about 15 years. Public education research was my first love in that job although it included analysis of municipal, county, and special districts as well. The team that will help me includes significant diversity ranging from a liberal civil rights attorney to a social conservative. The shadow board will be diverse in ethnicity. All will bring important experience in public education to this project. I have published a lot more information that I hope you will find helpful at www.georgescottreports.com. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter