-----------FUNCTIONAL PROTOTYPE DEMONSTRATIONOutsider pairs to your phone using Bluetooth, and that's it! You can control audio playback no matter what music app you use, and can start the panic alarm even when you're not connected via Bluetooth or if your phone battery dies. ----------- T-SHIRT DESIGNWe love a comfortable, distressed T-Shirt that isn't covered in brands or over-starched fabric like the typical swag you'd get at a tech conference. Our T-Shirt fabric is soft and super comfortable, and once our pledge goal is met, you'll be able to choose one of two slogans that represent what Outsider is about: i ride loud i'm an outsider ----------- THE OUTSIDER STORYOutsider is born from a lifelong friendship in the Pacific Northwest, where Seattle is known for the rain, our music has attitude, and the terrain empowers outdoor action sports with boards, wheels, boots and more. We're outsiders and trend setters in this corner of the country, so it seems natural we bring you this product that reflects our shared love for outdoor adventure, music, and history in wireless and software. Outsider device curves and weather protection were inspired by an umbrella, also an icon of our region. We have great pride in the craftsmanship that went into Outsider, and we know you'll love it!----------- PROJECT TIMELINE -----------BUDGET DETAILSThe custom plastics and circuit board design is already complete and verified by multiple independent industry veterans of product design and electrical engineering. We’re asking the Kickstarter community to pledge support to bring the Outsider to full production, right here in the United States. Here’s how our pledge goal breaks down, and why we’re confident these funds will bring you this great device: Metal form tooling for injection molding of device plastics The Outsider device assembly is made from multiple parts that are injection molded – most of the gadgets you buy are created this way. After reviewing several price quotes and associated tradeoffs – domestic and foreign – we’ve partnered with a local firm who is expert at this process, and who has a long track record delivering high quality results to other companies we personally know and trust. We’ve met the owner, toured the facility, seen them in action, use products they make, and interviewed their other customers to inform this decision. The creation of this metal tooling is a big one-time cost, so we’ve been extra cautious about getting our cost estimate right, and choosing a partner we have confidence in. Top and Bottom case mold: $34,000 Button over-mold: $12,500 LED light pipe and buttons mold: $7,200 Total: $53,700Embedded device software development The software running on Outsider controls the Bluetooth radio, interacts with sensors and memory, handles button presses, etc. We’ve already completed high quality functional and design specifications that are specific about our minimally viable product (MVP), success criteria for each requirement, key milestones to measure and report progress, software module architecture, etc. Our co-founder, Gabe is expert at this, and leads engineering teams at Microsoft that do this, so we have confidence in our estimates. We’re ready to hit the ground running at full speed. The creation of this device software is the other big one-time cost, so we’ve been extra cautious about including a margin of cost overrun while at the same time eliminating the specification ambiguity that can lead to such overruns. Bluetooth remote and Panic button functionality: $30,000 Field-upgradable device software to enable app services after release: $10,000 Total: $40,000Bill of Materials and production labor for Kickstarter devices This is the cost breakdown of creating and assembling the final device at a production volume of 500 units. We’ve chosen 500 units merely to represent a feasible quantity that satisfies our pledge goal, but importantly, our pledge cost structure scales to many thousands of devices depending on the enthusiasm of our Kickstarters. Individual electronic components Printing and preparation of circuit boards Automated part placement (stuffing) of electronics on printed circuit boards (PCB) PCB electrical test verification Injection-molded plastic parts for device Pre-assembly labor including solder of battery, charge coil and panic alarm speaker Pre-assembly labor to flash device firmware and execute software verification tests Contract manufacturing shipping costs Final assembly labor and verification of buttons, charging, LED, and Bluetooth Boxing, handling, distribution Total: $41,000Miscellaneous expenses related to final device assemblyThese are costs related to device assembly line such as tools, screws, tables, etc. Assembly line space is provided to the Outsider team for Kickstarter production at no cost. Total: $5000----------- Risks and challenges CONTRACT MANUFACTURING We have selected trusted, local contract manufacturers (CM) and have been working very closely with them throughout the design phases. All contract manufacturers are within close proximity of each other which allows us to stay on top of production if problems arise. We view this as critical during early production as we orchestrate these multiple entities to bring our product together. DEVICE ASSEMBLY & TEST The Outsider founders will be participating in, and overseeing assembly and functional testing for devices delivered to our Kickstarters. We recognize this will be an important learning process, and is crucial to quality control. As a result, assembly and test will be a rigorous process. While we can parallelize many early aspects, significant unexpected delays in our CM process could delay device delivery due to slower assembly and test processes. But fear not, as we've worked hard to address these risks from the outset. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter