Of the many ways to "make it" in the music business. One, especially in the modern technological age, is to build a respectable project (album) take your band & start playing where ever you can for whatever you can. With luck you'll steadily climb the ladder to a point where money starts flowing in rather than out. I have done exactly this for several years now. On my own dime I have built, produced, packaged & released my own album as well as promoting 4 of the songs from the record to the "Red Dirt Music Scene" & over seas, these efforts have brought me to a new plateau. With a life changing offer on the table from a major label I now need you help to fund another project to present for their promotion & distribution.Unlike several years ago, major labels today are looking for low risk turn key projects to get behind. The traditional "record deal" is still out there but contrary to popular belief, unless the artist has had a hand in writing or producing the project, they stand to make only pennies on the dollar for the record they were "signed" to record. New inventive ways are now the norm & what I have been offered has been the case with many musicians you know & love today. The gist of the deal is this; I have to spend some time in the studio and produce a project up to the caliber they wish to release. If the funding can be generated I will be spending a considerable amount of time in Nashville working with one of the labels associates. I will also be traveling back to the Texas area to fulfill any public engagement the agent(s) put on the books for me. Of course nothing is in stone but there is a preliminary "yes" on the table for a major record deal if I can come to that table with an example of what I can and am willing to do. Unfortunately all of this is very expensive! The travel, the recording and add to the fact I have some equipment that has just plain been worn out I will not be able to pursue this rare opportunity without your help. I offer what I can and those on this earth who really know me can attest to the fact that I stand up for those who stand beside me.