*The footage above is only meant to provide a general idea of the final product. It does not contain actual scenes from the film.* TWICE TWO MAKES FOUR - Noah and Claire Hawthorne have different approaches to facing the reality of their cancer-stricken daughter Kayla. While Claire tries everything in her power to save Kayla, Noah accepts her fate and instead obsesses over a do-it-yourself funeral. Their differences cause a strain in their relationship. Will they be able to overcome the death of their daughter and reconnect as a couple, or will their relationship be consigned to the same fate as their daughter's?THE MISSION - Like most student filmmakers, we rely heavily on the generosity of family and friends in order to make this film a reality. The total projected costs of making Twice Two Makes Four are $35,000.As of now, $15,000 has been secured, but we still need another $20,000 to prepare for shooting in March. This is where your financial support can help bring us closer to our goal. Besides the rewards, you will be supporting a group of passionate young filmmakers whose desire is to push the boundaries and create a unique and meaningful film. A journey of a thousand miles begins with the first step. We will be eternally grateful for your help in providing us with the opportunity to make this step.WHERE YOUR MONEY IS GOING - As you may already know, making a film is awfully expensive! The projected costs of the additional $20,000 fall into a number of itemized categories, the largest of which include:1) Camera rental (RED EPIC), 2) professional grip and lighting equipment, 3) actors’ fees, 4) production design, and 5) transportation to and from Pennsylvania and Arizona. THE TEAM - We are a group of dedicated student filmmakers hailing from Emerson College in Boston, MA. For a complete biography of our main crew, please download our Production Packet. Joel Soh - Director, Co-Writer Tyler Weinberger - Producer, Cinematographer Rachel Ottenstein - Producer Christine Ryan - Producer, Assistant Director Edgar Rosa - Producer In Charge of Fundraising Xiao Yu Lim - Associate Producer Joseph Prestine - Writer Jen Rudin, CSA - Casting Director Bryan Rogers - Gaffer Caitilin Lynch - Art Director Evan Mrva - Production Designer Thomas Corino - Editor THE CAST Actors to be announced - currently being casted by Jen Rudin, CSA Jen Rudin is an award-winning Casting Director whose credits include Chicken Little, The Princess and the Frog, Brother Bear, and The Incredibles. Jen also casted for the award-winning Broadway musical 13 and the upcoming Turkeys, starring Owen Wilson, Woody Harrelson, and Steve Martin.**We would like to thank Marshall and Katie Berenson for helping us out with our Kickstarter video. THE LOCATION(s) Scranton, PA Soundstage Studio in Emerson College Arizona/Utah Please find in our Production Packet pictures of our tentative locations. WRAPPING UP - We are ardent believers of the phrase “go big or go home.” Thus, we plan to submit Twice Two Makes Four to film festivals worldwide upon its completion. Twice Two Makes Four Production Packet PDF We recommend that you download our PDF packet above for more detailed information. It includes an extended Artistic Statement explaining the director’s vision, crew biographies, location pictures, testimonials, and samples of the director’s past works. We can’t thank you enough for taking the time to review our project! If you have any questions at all, please do not hesitate to ask and we will reply you as soon as possible. We hope you consider pledging funds to our project. Every donation is one step closer to realizing our vision that is Twice Two Makes Four. Many thanks for your support! *Quote in video: © Norman Cousin*