fanart by the amazing @MekaSkull CHECK OUT THE GAMEPLAY TRAILER: ( make sure to check out the REWARDS near the bottom of the page! ) List of updates: UPDATE 5: > GAMEPLAY TRAILER _ UPDATE 4: > BRING ON THE GOOD STUFF _ UPDATE 3: > COMPETITION RESULTS _ UPDATE 2: > GREENLIGHT _ UPDATE 1: > MAJOR THINGS _ WE'VE BEEN GREENLIT ON STEAM! S T R E T C H G O A L S NYKRA is a 2D platformer adventure game, planned for Windows, macOS, and Linux. You travel as Keu, a child of Nenoux, accompanied by a lost experiment - the hyperdrone known simply as Eo.Keu manifested from the dust of Omwarn; a place beyond and before everything. She lands on a grassy planet called Maldis, and discovers secrets that lead her to a black cube called the Boldemo.You are surrounded by new languages, new people, and... a new mind.- - - Little did the 7 Beings know, Keu was born with free-will and empathy. As she travels, she faces situations where actions are influenced by her compassion. You are directed to numerous planets, where stories are unfolded. Keu and Eo eventually hear that a lot of chaos is being caused on random planets.Find patterns, solve enigmas, travel great distances. When she reaches the Heptagate everything changes, and the 7 Beings tell her of a Darkness they cannot see."FIND IT." *They discover some dark geometry, known as "Gnarcier"* Smooth intuitive player controls Completely editable interface within Eo - create the perfect weapon! Large continents to explore, with countless rooms and mysteries. Inventory system, with realistic weights. Sell, find, make! Use the book of Iiedremor to map out islands and areas Complex puzzles with worthwhile rewards Utterly non-linear gameplay! ~ ALL IN A HANDCRAFTED STORY Every main aspect of Eo can be customised! Maybe an accurate sniper shot? Or even a faster firing option? Fully open the aperture of Eo, and release a devastating beam of pure energy - but beware, it takes much longer to recharge! Looting is a huge part of NYKRA. Collect things and go! Collecting items is essential for when you find villages and civilisations. Finding complex machinery on one planet could be worth a lot on a less developed world!Finding parts and tech will also be involved in repairing old computers and upgrading Eo! The idea for "the first born galaxy" came back in 2010, and since then it has grown into the expansive story it is today. More than 50 pages have been written, describing every planet, place, creature, scene, and object.One object that stands out, is the Boldemo. A black invulnerable cube that stands as a bridge between worlds. But, there are only a handful of functioning cubes left in Nykra... Enter into the Boldemo interface, and analyse the planets that are connected. When you make a choice, you can jump to any planet available! EXPLORE THE 7 PLANETS OF NYKRA The main storyline involves the 7 Beings telling Keu to find the holding cell called Evokreathe, a place that an Unseeable Darkness sleeps... On your way there, you uncover secrets, and discover long lost places - since a lot of Nykra's living creatures died out eons ago...You are given choices, and what you do can have consequences. Who is the Darkness... Keu will also be up against some horrible manifestations... Legend has it, that Oortiiem contains a part needed to open Evokreathe... Most of NYKRA has been made on a small budget, getting as much done whenever possible. The "Development" part will allow us to fully devote our time into making the game as good as it can be. We've clearly outlined our costs below (since that's one of the first things we look at when funding someone else!)The funds are split up as follows: Kickstarter Fees: 9.5% (depending on total) Music + SFX: 8% Development: 40% Commissioned Art: 4% Rewards: 21% + [amount from Development to make sure things are successful] Taxes: 17.5% (also changes depending on total) - - - IF NYKRA IS TO BE FUNDED: It will allow NYKRA to have it's development streamed for people to watch. Tutorials can be posted, helping people with pixelart and code. More time and effort can be spent on the details, making the whole experience better for everyone. Taking NYKRA to PAX (or similar) could be an option! DRM-Free copies would be a more likely result. More time will be spend on making sure the game is enjoyable. (dreams will come true) - - - Take your time, and have a look through what you could get. Titles will correlate to the points in the Pledge buttons on the right ---> at least 15USD YOU GET THE GALAXY OF NYKRA This will be in the form of a Steam Key, though we're assessing options for a DRM-Free version to be included. Windows, macOS, and Linux are planned to be supported. Further ports on different platforms are being discussed, and will more than likely be part of the Stretch Goals! at least 25USD I'm am fortunate enough to have AVIATORS help construct the music for the worlds you explore. You will receive both OSTs, with the original music in Part I, and the upcoming tracks in Part II.CHECK OUT THE FIRST OST HERE at least 38USD You have the choice between the white or black t-shirt! And if you back to a higher tier, you'll get both options! If you choose the Apparel Tier or higher, you get to choose 1 of these clean tees! at least 88USD The talented Pascal Blanché has constructed an amazing poster for NYKRA! You well receive it in A3 size, and it'll be yours to put anywhere~ You receive this FANTASTIC print, from the amazing Pascal Blanche! at least 88USD Inside the Moriiem (a colossal storage unit), there are 343 Storage pods...According to the system, 116 of them are empty... YOU GET TO CHOOSE WHAT GOES IN YOUR POD. IT CAN LITERALLY BE ANYTHING.For example: A special wand? A familiar frog? Or a... hm We will draw your object, and chuck it into a storage cell for Keu to find randomly within the Moriiem! at least 220USD Make your mark. Whether it be the initials of a loved one, or a special symbol of yours, we will hand draw the carving into a tree, on a planet of your liking <3 and yes, this can be anything also... at least 220USD The iiem are manifestations of the Darkness. They take forms of anything from a toaster to a crab.TIME FOR YOU TO DESIGN ONEYou can draw with a pencil, or pixels, and explain to us what it does to stop Keu from finding Evokreathe. You can design any aspect, so be creative!We will fit the design into the game, and animate it completely! You can design a type of iiem creature that Keu will have to face! Like some of these! at least 513USD We have 2 Notebooks, and they contain sketches, drawings, and diagrams of many things in NYKRA.At the back of your Notebook, we will write a personal Thank You message, and might even send you a packet of delicious Pineapple Lumps (a Kiwi classic!) ---------- --- -- - NYKRA's engine system and core mechanics are almost complete. 4 of the 7 planned planets have been drawn up, planned, and connected. The other 3 have been designed, but have yet to be put into the game. The first parts of the story are also complete! There are many built-in customisable features that Eo has. Find Nodules scattered throughout Nykra, and upgrade each fired shot! I am fortunate enough to be able to create NYKRA in the new GameMaker Studio 2! Which you can check out HERE- - - ENtertainment, DESign, GAmeplay.Seth has been passionate for games for a very long time. He has been an artist, creator, programmer, and designer for most of his life - being obsessed with sci-fi and anything space related. NYKRA has been a dream, and will continue to be one until it's out of his head, onto a computer for everyone to play.Tyler (Aviators) is the musician, and is also helping the creation of NYKRA. - > FAN ART TIME! _(If you'd like to submit some fan art, email it to seth@endesga.com) by @Khoklavixche by @i_am_thirteen by @tumbleofmumbles by @EnchaeC Risks and challenges We wouldn't be able to complete the game, if we lost our hands in a horrendous shark attack. ... In all seriousness though, NYKRA has a clear path ahead, and we will see it to its completion. We've been preparing for this moment for a very long time. After NYKRA is successfully funded, development will be put into full acceleration. We currently do not have any other projects or distractions. As for rewards, we will ensure that everything is sent and shipped perfectly without troubles. Thank you everyone. Without you, NYKRA wouldn't be here today. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter