When we released Delta Mornings last year on hand-made cassette-tape, we didn't expect to get a huge response. We got a massive response! Limited to only 100 copies (our hands couldn't take any more!) they flew off the digital shelves via Bandcamp, all across the world into the fans tape machines (many needed to buy one just to listen to it!) but after 100, we were still getting fans asking to make some more. So we came up with this idea: have them professionally duplicated! Vaporwave has brought cassette-tapes kicking and screaming back from the dead and into the twenty-tens (the one-ders) thanks to ａｅｓｔｈｅｔｉｃ and Zyxz was no exception to the craze. His unique blend of vaporwave, witch-house and IDM has given music lovers a new reason to type "unlike anything I've heard before!" in their comment boxes, and now he's giving fans who missed out on a piece of history to "get in on the act". We're going to have 1000 tapes manufactured, duplicated and pressed-up, featuring the original J-Card design and shiny shrink-wrap for that "oh so fresh" appearance! Worried the shrink-wrap will make your copy look non-vintage? Not a problem! Just ask Zyxz to sign it when you make your pledge! He'll open the shrink-wrap and send it to you with a scribble from his hand, with no additional charge! (In compared to making the original batch by hand, signing a tape seems like a luxury!) We want to make this re-production of Zyxz for the fans, as a thank you for the amazing response we received for the original release. It's clear that you want a physical copy of Delta Mornings to own, a refreshing change from the all-too-familiar download culture where nothing really exists, as ｖａｐｏｒｗａｖｅ and all of her empty virtual plazas would put it (as it happens, we have some exciting digital downloads in our rewards tiers too, so you can have the best of both worlds!) We thought it would be nice for fans to get their hands on some exclusive Zyxz merchandise, and what better time to do it than on a Kickstarter! Want to give a little more to the Zyxz Relief Effort, but want to get a little something back for your trouble? There's plenty here for all wallet sizes! From our selection of small (just downloads and a hearty cheers!) to the big-dog top tier (everything, and we mean EVERYTHING, delivered personally by Zyxz!) there's no better time to discover the innovating, game-changing, genre-pioneering debut album from Zyxz! There's also plenty of geeky rewards (the entire album without joining seams? I'm there!) and non-geeky rewards (for the more fashion-contentious fan) for every type of personality; don't make it feel like it's a Christmas where you don't like your presents, pick the reward that suits YOU! Dead Nice! RewardReceive a digital download of Delta Mornings in FLAC, MP3 or any other format you desire, and a big thanks from ZYXZ for your support! (thank you will be provided cosmically) Bewytchin' Reward! Delta Mornings original album in FLAC, MP3 or any other format you desire, PLUS an exclusive "un-cut" edition of the original album with every track "un-joined" for better playlist shuffling! No more abrupt ends to your favorite tracks, they finish proper! Cult Classic Reward! Receive a professionally duplicated, J-carded, shrink-wrapped copy of Delta Mornings on vaporwave-ready cassette-tape, plus the digital download of the original album AND a digital copy of the un-joined version. Nice! Batshot Crazy Reward! You get: the professionally duplicated, J-carded, shrink-wrapped copy of Delta Mornings on vaporwave-ready cassette-tape, the digital download of the original album, the digital download of the un-joined version AND FOUR BRAND-NEW ZYXZ TRACKS! These tracks will not appear on the tape and will be an exclusive download to backers of this reward and rewards thus onwards! For Whom The Bell Tolls Reward!STUNNING full-colour signed picture postcard! It features Zyxz's likeness and can be sent abroad to your best friend! ＰＬＵＳ! Delta Mornings professional shrink-wrapped cassette Digital copy of album, un-joined album and 4 exclusive new Zyxz tracks Tears of Joy Reward!Thinking person's badges! Prove how cool/smart you are with a Zyxz badge in a little plastic bag! ＰＬＵＳ! Shiny full-colour signed picture postcard! It features Zyxz's likeness and can be sent abroad to your best friend! Delta Mornings professional shrink-wrapped cassette Digital copy of album, un-joined album and 4 exclusive new Zyxz tracks Can't Stop Thinkin' 'bout Johanna Reward!AWESOME T-Shirt featuring Zyxz's likeness! A one-of-a-kind experience in your choice of colour and size! Let us know which size, gender and colour you desire when you "make your pledge"! ＰＬＵＳ! - Thinking person's badges! Prove how cool/smart you are with a Zyxz badge in a little plastic bag! Shiny full-colour signed picture postcard! It features Zyxz's likeness and can be sent abroad to your best friend! Delta Mornings professional shrink-wrapped cassette Digital copy of album, un-joined album and 4 exclusive new Zyxz tracks Thinking person's badges! Prove how cool/smart you are with a Zyxz badge in a little plastic bag! Dancin' With The Grim Reaper Reward!Massively handsome A2 glossy poster featuring Zyxz's likeness (of course) for you to frame and prop, frame and hang or just plain hang with him! (Hanging supplies unfortunately not included, although we'd like to) ＰＬＵＳ! Thinking person's badges! Prove how cool/smart you are with a Zyxz badge in a little plastic bag! Shiny full-colour signed picture postcard! It features Zyxz's likeness and can be sent abroad to your best friend! Delta Mornings professional shrink-wrapped cassette Digital copy of album, un-joined album and 4 exclusive new Zyxz tracks Penta-Grammy Award Winning Reward!Cuddly sweatshirt! Missed out on another vaporwave sweatshirt? Well, Zyxz is here for you, get your cuddle on in this proper soft apparel featuring Zyxz's sexy likeness; go and "sweat some off" at your mates! Available in your choice of colour, size and sex!ＰＬＵＳ! Thinking person's badges! Prove how cool/smart you are with a Zyxz badge in a little plastic bag! Shiny full-colour signed picture postcard! It features Zyxz's likeness and can be sent abroad to your best friend! Delta Mornings professional shrink-wrapped cassette Digital copy of album, un-joined album and 4 exclusive new Zyxz tracks The Morning Growler! RewardA mug and matching box to put your morning coffee in! (the mug not the box, that's so you can place it on your shelf, un-opened and remark upon it's unique quality, year after year) Box and mug feature the Delta Mornings artwork and Zyxz's likeness. Bargain!ＰＬＵＳ! Thinking person's badges! Prove how cool/smart you are with a Zyxz badge in a little plastic bag! Shiny full-colour signed picture postcard! It features Zyxz's likeness and can be sent abroad to your best friend! Delta Mornings professional shrink-wrapped cassette Digital copy of album, un-joined album and 4 exclusive new Zyxz tracks Diggin' Around Reward!Ever wanted all of Zyxz's (2) videos in one place? Didn't answer "Youtube"? Now you can! Zyxz will personally burn you an EXCLUSIVE BD-R AND DVD-R (plus a surprise outtake!) of the Johanna Now and Tears videos! HD quality! Scaled down to SD for the DVD! It's a one-of-a-kind and an absolute snip at £90! ＰＬＵＳ! Thinking person's badges! Prove how cool/smart you are with a Zyxz badge in a little plastic bag! Shiny full-colour signed picture postcard! It features Zyxz's likeness and can be sent abroad to your best friend! Delta Mornings professional shrink-wrapped cassette Digital copy of album, un-joined album and 4 exclusive new Zyxz tracks Winged Beast Reward!You get: An exclusive Zyxz embroidered one-of-a-kind, one-size-fits-all beanie with ZYXZ on the front! It's the new BENCH! AAAANNND an AWESOME T-Shirt featuring Zyxz's likeness! (mention preferred t-shirt size, colour and gender when making your pledge!)ＰＬＵＳ! Thinking person's badges! Prove how cool/smart you are with a Zyxz badge in a little plastic bag! Shiny full-colour signed picture postcard! It features Zyxz's likeness and can be sent abroad to your best friend! Delta Mornings professional shrink-wrapped cassette Digital copy of album, un-joined album and 4 exclusive new Zyxz tracks The Zyxzual Finish!MEET AND GREET ZYXZ!! Zyxz will personally drive to any destination in the UK (no shady alleys or disreputable alehouses) to meet you, greet you, shake your hand and sign your stuff with you watching! All travelling costs will be incurred by Zyxz (thanks to YOUR generous pledge!) ＰＬＵＳ! The matching mug and box set! The massively handsome A2 glossy poster! ALL of apparel! That means the t-shirt, the sweatshirt and the embroidered one-size-fits-all beanie! The BD-R and DVD-R music videos pair! Thinking person's badges! Prove how cool/smart you are with a Zyxz badge in a little plastic bag! Shiny full-colour signed picture postcard! It features Zyxz's likeness and can be sent abroad to your best friend! Delta Mornings professional shrink-wrapped cassette Digital copy of album, un-joined album and 4 exclusive new Zyxz tracks Risks and challenges Manufacturing an album that has already been made takes a significant amount of risk out of the challenge. You know what it sounds like, you just want it in your hands. Any fan-funded project has it's ups and downs, but we're confident that we can fulfill it successfully; we will be working together with a good duplication company, and many good, personally selected merchandise companies to bring the best possible quality and the best value for money to the rewards. We'll only accept the highest available standard, and we expect that you will too. Too many Kickstarters leave backers hanging on a thread with no updates or interactions with the fans. You WILL hear from us! We will keep you informed daily on every step of the production, from sending the music and artwork to the plant for manufacture, to shipping the packages to the backers. You will never be left out of the loop! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter