TRU’Nation was developed at Park University in Parkville, Missouri, as a result of studying and implementing Park University’s commitment to its core values of inclusivity, global citizenship, and accountability. TRU’Nation is a spiritually-based organization, designed to empower youth and to engage the community. Its purpose is to help disadvantaged and socio-economically challenged adolescents and young adults achieve success in the world, both during and after their college careers. In this proposal, I will illustrate the need for such a venture by first providing research-based evidence on why TRU’Nation is both a worthy investment and a powerful change-agent for society as a whole. Then, I will illustrate my strategic three-step process on how TRU’Nation will be collaboratively developed and implemented. Finally, I will use comparative data on why I believe TRU’Nation will be successful and provide goals with measurable outcomes to demonstrate how TRU’Nation will show evidence of achievement to investors. TRU’Nation is a collaborative venture designed to support adolescent students (in high school and college) achieve success by providing them with resources to meet basic needs. Often, students from disadvantaged backgrounds are worried about not having enough food to eat, school supplies, transportation and medical support. In addition to lacking basic resources, many of the disadvantaged youth who live in high crime areas tend to avoid public places, because they fear being harmed. This unsafe and exclusive lifestyle prevents our disadvantaged youth from developing and growing both cognitively and socially, which can inhibit their ability to achieve success in college as well as prevent assimilation into society. Museums, parks and other educational opportunities are often frequented by families and individuals who live and work in safe, financially stable communities. The disadvantaged youth in our area are prohibited from these wonderful and educationally stimulating opportunities, because they cannot access the areas due to safety concerns and lack of financial resources. TRU’Nation is designed to change that, to develop an inclusive and globally-responsive program, which incorporates not only meeting the basic needs of our disadvantaged youth, but also developing them into becoming culturally and socially-responsive, high-achieving citizens. Risks and challenges I am TuRuan "TRU" Johnson, I started my organization TRU'NATION here at my school Park University. I have always wanted to give back to urban communities, especially low impoverished neighborhoods. I grew up in the inner city of Kansas City, Missouri on 12th and paseo one of the roughest hoods in america. I am teaming up with KCPS (Kansas City, Missouri Public School District) for a program that KCPS teamed up with President Barack Obama who started called "MY brothers keeper" a program that insist on mentor ship for young people of color. http://www.kansascity.com/opinion/opn-columns-blogs/lewis-diuguid/article781217.html and in TRU'NATION including myself Founder/CEO/President I have 9 other members and we all deiced to mentor a Teen. We need help with some financial backing with some projects we are trying to accomplish with these students 1. We wanted to do a back to school event on January 6th for adolescent students (in middle school and high school) the ten students we are mentoring, where we give them new school supplies for new a semester. Sometimes the students run out of basic resources they need starting a new semester. Backpacks, pencils, pens, paper, binders, agendas, highlighters, handouts, calculators, and more etc. 2. TRU'NATION would like to expose these teens to different environments outside of the urban communities they are in. We would like to take them to museums, colleges/universities, business institutions, growth seminars, and more educational ventures etc. We need help with traveling expenses Please like a church van we are trying to buy to get the teens around. 3. TRU'NATION has also partnered up with BronxWorks Family shelter in Bronx, New York http://bronxworks.org/ and I want to do the same thing that I am doing for the "back to school" event in number one in Kansas city for the Bronxworks shelter. That event is happening March 13 and I am asking please for some financial backing for school supplies please. for this event to. I am using TRU'NATION under the umbrella of Park University and for you guys to know I am legit and Truthful here is the director of student engagements contact information. At Park University. BENJAMIN M. ZIBERS, M.P.A. Director of Student Engagement 2nd Floor of Thompson Student Center {816) 584-6375 (816)505-5456 (fax) bzibers@park.edu P.S. In the PSA video its my members and I having fun and explaining their roles in TRU'NATION and what it means to them and want to accomplish being apart of TRU'NATION. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter