Match-3 to BATTLE your Friends LIVE! Cast Devastating SPELLS Puzzle Tussle is a tactical match-3 RPG. Fight powerful Bosses, or fight your Friends! Upgrade your abilities to conquer your foes.Start each game with a starter skill. Collect resources like mana and experience, and upgrade towards devastating finisher skills. As you level up, new skills become available. They can be further enhanced by Special Badges. Upgrade your skills and abilities! Become the most powerful hero! The further you get, the more skillful you'll need to be. You will need to match more tiles and plan your attacks to get that satisfying win!The ideaDo you like Bejewelled ? Me neither- but I totally get the satisfaction that comes from lining up a good combo where you matched more than 3 tiles in one move! Lets combine that satisfaction with RPG elements, turn-based strategy, and live PVP. Now we've got a Puzzle Tussle!Outplay your opponents through your superior match-3 wit.Outthink your opponents with a unique skill tree build.Overpower your opponents with strong attributes.The GameDestroy your opponent with your combination of: Chosen Skills Hero class Match-3 Expertise Special Badge Bonuses Outplaying your opponent Explore Perilous Worlds, Collect over 50 Unique and POWERFUL Badges FEATURES Medieval battling match-3 RPG Tactical Gameplay Explore worlds with puzzling enemies Competitive in real-time PVP Over 30 Unique Skills and Spells Over 50 Powerful badges that enhance your hero 3 Classes of hero Climb to the top of the leaderboards Design your own strategies Play in any supported browser (firefox/chrome/safari)- on any platform! (iOS, android, PC, OSX), possibly apps in the future too. See stretch Goals. You must be online while you play Puzzle Tussle. After some deliberation, Puzzle Tussle will be free to play, with optional purchases. The idea is to have as many players online as possible- to make a better experience for all players. That being said, Puzzle Tussle will NOT be a pay-to-win. I believe in rewarding players for their skill, not their money. Test your MIGHT against other Heroes! DUEL Players in Real Time! Stretch Goals: $50,000 FUNDED - Wooohooo!! $60,000 NEW CLASS - with 8 NEW SKILLS $70,000 "CONNECT" MOVE TYPE - Players will have a choice between the regular swapping 2 tiles and CONNECTING adjacent tiles. $80,000 ENHANCED CAMPAIGN - Add HARD mode, and compete against you friends' scores. $100,000 ANDROID APP - Play puzzle tussle in App form, from the convenience of your phone or tablet. $110,000 PET SYSTEM (NEW MECHANIC) - Collect pets that significantly affect your board. This will be sure to make PvP all the more competitive. $140,000 LANGUAGE SUPPORT - Language support for the most requested languages. $150,000 IOS APP - Play puzzle tussle in App form, from the convenience of your Apple devices! $170,000 "SLIDE" MOVE TYPE - Players will have a choice between swapping 2 tiles, connecting adjacent tiles, and SLIDING columns and rows. $200,000 GUILDS - Join a guild, compete against other Guilds, and fight "EPIC" bosses. If this goal is reached, the feature will not be delivered until Q2 2017 at the latest. Why kickstarter?Puzzle Tussle is about 80% complete. However, I need your help in order to make it a reality. I certainly don't have the funds for advertising, nor do I have the time to spend finishing up all the loose ends and, more importantly, support the launch of Puzzle Tussle. Kickstarter can change this! Risks and challenges Game development is difficult. Planning, execution, marketing, etc are all core to it. Some hurdles I have already overcome: * Key concepts, balances, fun-factor! * Alpha testing. * All gameplay bugs have been found and fixed. There was one difficult-to-reproduce bug in particular that evaded me for a couple months- the key was more analytics/logging. * Smooth Online gameplay (server/client reliable communication) This may become an issue if Puzzle Tussle becomes popular- at which point I'll need to scale the infrastructure a little. I have been a full-stack web developer for over 5 years. I feel confident that I have overcome all the large technological obstacles- if I had not, then I wouldn't be doing this kickstarter. (Alpha has been tested after all). Challenges to come: * The biggest hurdle to come will be incorporating what the community wants to see in the game. Adding new features costs money, I will add all the easy-to-add features the community suggests (like balances, or minor tweaks). I will need to do a more in-depth cost analysis of bigger feature updates. * Running out of time. I feel like the game will be able to easily launch by November 2016. However, if it cannot (lets pretend all the stretch goals are reached), I will hire some help to get it finished on time! * Budget overages There is one (somewhat) reliable way to calculate how much features will cost. The way I calculated the stretch goals and the $50,000 is: How much I think it will cost multiplied by 3. * More art I am not an artist. I am certain that my skills as an artist are not up to par with what is needed for a polished game. I have budgeted to hire help. I am under no delusions that creating a great game is easy. I have been developing this game for almost 2 years now, tweaking key aspects, balancing, rebuilding, to the point where it's around 80% done. I need your help to finish the last 20%. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter