WINE’S NEW BEST FRIEND! ChillaVino is an elegant bottle display and chiller that's a perfect appliance for any home, a promotional product for your business, and a great gift for almost any occasion. It’s the ice bucket without the ice, the water, or the mess.Its what we call, ICE AGE TECHNOLOGY! With a simple custom ice pack, we can keep wine or you favorite beverage chilled to perfection for hours. Within this campaign you'll find a lot of information that we hope answers all your questions. The bottom line here is that ChillaVino is not only a great product for the commercial and promotional industry, its a terrific gift for any home. It is a piece that will compliment your decor and you'll be proud to serve and display your finest bottle of wine. Oh and by the way, it's also perfect on those nights with a $7 bottle of wine and no one to impress! It's design is elegant, yet simplistic enough to compliment any setting. We've selected the best materials to give you a durable product, that will stand the test of time. Let's face it though, nothing stays perfect forever. If dropping, bumping or cleaning has caused a few blemishes, its simple. In the near future we'll have a catalog of custom skins like the ones you saw in the video to cover your ChillaVino and give it a brand new look. You can even customize it for the man-cave. Did we mention that it saves water? We are in a major crisis here in California where our precious wine industry resides. Every drop counts. Get something cool, that you'll love and protect the environment too. With your help, we can reach our goal of $40,000, which will allow us to transition completely into manufacturing. We know you'll be happy with ChillaVino. It looks great, it solves a problem and it works! Marble Compassionate Care ALS & The Angel Fund Strength Basic Black Highlights Wine is the oldest beverage known to man. An elegant display for your favorite wine or beverage. It maintains the ideal serving temperature for your wine. Did you know that over chilling your white wines can suppress the flavor and aroma? It’s a billboard to advertise your business. You can customize or decorate it for every holiday or occasion. It saves precious water! With ChillaVino, there’s no more mess! It’s actually quite simple. Take the custom ice pack and keep it frozen until you’re ready to serve your beverage. Simply insert it and you’re beverages will stay cool for hours. Ice Buckets are a wet, messy nuisance that over chills the wine! Within a matter of minutes of placing your white wine in an ice bucket, the temperature will drop far beyond the recommended serving temps. According to industry experts, the single most important external factor to optimizing the taste and aroma of wine is the serving temperature. It is a generally accepted fact within the wine industry and culture that a bucket of ice will dull the flavor of your wine. How does it work?The science is very simple. The frozen ice pack conveys temperature to the liquid in the bottle through the custom designed ice pack or cooling element that maximizes surface contact with the bottle. ChillaVino will stay cold and maintain your temperature for 3 to 5 hours depending on the room temperature or serving conditions. You can have multiple ice packs and rotate for longer events. What is the ideal serving temperature? When it comes to serving temperature, a wine should be just right. Too warm and the wine’s alcohol will be emphasized, leaving it flat and flabby. Too cold and the aromas and flavors will be muted; and for reds, the tannins may seem harsh and astringent. Light dry white wines, rosés, sparkling wines: Serve at 40° to 50° to preserve their freshness and fruitiness. Think crisp Pinot Grigio and Champagne. For sparklers, chilling keeps bubbles fine rather than frothy. This is also a good range for white dessert wines; sweetness is accentuated at warmer temperatures, so chilling them preserves their balance without quashing their vibrant aromas. Full-bodied white wines and light, fruity reds: Serve at 50° to 60° F to pick up more of the complexity and aromatics of a rich Chardonnay or to make a fruity Beaujolais more refreshing. Full-bodied red wines and Ports: Serve at 60° to 65° F—cooler than most room temperatures and warmer than ideal cellaring temperatures—to make the tannins in powerful Cabernet or Syrah feel suppler and de-emphasize bitter components. Even if you’re not a connoisseur, it’s a great accessory to your home! What bottles fit in ChillaVino?All standard wine and champagne bottles fit in ChillaVino as well as sparkling water, craft brews or any other beverage served in standard bottles. ChillaVino is a billboardIt’s not just about the décor! You can promote and advertise your brand on ChillaVino. Brands, restaurants, nightclubs, promotional giveaways and any other advertisement can appear on the face of ChillaVino. It’s an elegant and beautiful display that draws your attention. A perfect gift or accent to your home décor How often do you purchase a bottle of wine for a party, holiday or house warming gift? As a gift it has both the novelty and utility to bring a smile to someone’s face. Pair it with your favorite bottle of wine; the icing on the cake so to speak. Most of us take great pleasure and pride in decorating our home for holidays, parties and other special occasions. Our custom and designer skins are perfect to compliment your décor or motif for your parties, or a great gift for his man-cave (Skins coming this fall). The wine industryWine is a $300 billion dollar a year global business and growing. The US is the largest wine market in the world. Wine is the oldest man made beverage and is also becoming the most popular beverage among millennials. New wineries, wine clubs & tasting events are the social rage. Wine and other libations are embedded into nearly every occasion, celebration, event and holiday known to man. ChillaVino really works! The numbers tell the story. Put a subtle chill on your reds or maintain your whites at the ideal serving temperature. Although this chart provides recommended serving temperatures, it is ultimately a matter of preference.ChillaVino Saves Water! We are in the worst drought in recorded history. Don’t waste another drop of water! California, our most populous state, has recently mandated a 25% reduction in water use. California is also the largest producer and consumer of wine in the US. Every drop, every cube counts!Decorate for every occasion for your home or business. Custom Skins and decorative covers. ChillaVino has begun production on custom skins for all promotions, occasions and décor. You will be able to change the look of your ChillaVino permanently or temporarily with custom skins and covers. In the near future you will also be able to customize your ChillaVino with photos or other special memories at our website. Additional set up fees will apply. Skins are made from durable material with an adhesive back. Follow the directions in your ChillaVino box to easily apply your skins. You may easily remove your skin and replace it with a new design. Manufactured in the USA ChillaVino is manufactured in Vernon, California. Whoever said Asia is the best alternative for manufacturing? We have competitively priced manufacturing without dealing with customs and prolonged shipping, while supporting our own economy! Also, by having domestic manufacturing, we can set reasonable timelines for fulfillment and drop ship via railway or roadway anywhere in the USA. We have a long standing relationship with our manufacturer and terms that will allow us to manufacture and sell without the worry of funding large purchase orders. Our manufacturer is also a major supplier to the restaurant and hospitality industry and will be one of our largest distributors. ToolingTooling is nearly complete. Our mold is currently in the heat and hardening process and will be ready for testing by the end of June. Our domestic engineering firm used extreme precision along with the best materials available to build a mold that will produce millions of high quality units. Two molds will be required. An injection mold will produce the stand and a blow mold will produce the cooling element. Creative marketingThe Ice Bucket Challenge is one of the biggest social media phenomenon of all time. It brought global awareness to ALS (Lou Gehrig’s Disease). The company is aiming to make ice buckets obsolete, but not the challenge. ChillaVino has entered into marketing agreements with The Angel Fund and Compassionate Care ALS to market The ChillaVino Challenge through their social media and public relations channels. The Angel Fund and Compassionate Care ALS are two Massachusetts non-profit organizations that were entrenched in the ice bucket challenge. As operating entities, they each uniquely address all aspects of ALS, from research, to those living with ALS. In today’s world, either a large marketing budget or a strong social media campaign is essential to driving sales and awareness.Together, our objective is to drive the ChillaVino Challenge and at the same time drive revenue to our organizations. Warning: Please do not attempt the ChillaVino Challenge at home. If you do, please wear a helmet and share on our Facebook page! The wine industryWine is a $300 billion dollar a year business and growing. It’s the oldest man made beverage and is also becoming the most popular beverage among millennials. New wineries, wine clubs & tasting events are the social rage. Wine and other libations are embedded into nearly every occasion, celebration, event and holiday known to man. Changing with the seasons Each season comes with its own holidays, events and occasions. ChillaVino can be changed and decorated over and over again with any style, designer, holiday, team, movie, or any other motif you can think of. We decorate our homes, businesses, restaurants and hotels for every season. ChillaVino is the compliment to each occasion. It’s simple to use Simply place the re-usable ice pack in your freezer. You can also continue to display a bottle even without the ice pack present. Remove the frozen ice pack, place it in the ChillaVino and you’re ready to serve. Keep in mind ChillaVino is meant to maintain the temperature of your wine, not chill your wine, although our tests show that it will continue to lower the temperature. We recommend that you chill your white wines in the refrigerator prior to serving. When you are ready to serve, simply place the bottle in the ChillaVino and maintain that ideal serving temp for hours. Replace the bottle with a new one when you are finished. Your red wine should be served at cellar temp. But if you do serve your reds at room temp, you can place your bottle in a ChillaVino and let it sit for 15-20 minutes to get a slight chill. We’re Green! Not only are we saving water, we’re using as many recycled materials as our process will allow, with the objective of eventually being made of 100% recycled materials. We have also determined with our manufacturer that certain recycled materials are extremely strong and durable for our product. Save the Planet and Chill! Where are we now We have initially raised $200 thousand through friends and family. April 2015 * Blow mold and test samples completed May 2015 * Injection mold completed, heat and hardening process begun June 2015 * Mold treatment completed – manufacturer sampling July 2015 * Tooling for skins completed by 7/31 July/August 2015 * Manufacturing August/September/October 2015 * Shipping Conclusion We consulted with the experts and the homemakers; and the consensus is that the world needs ChillaVino for plenty of good reasons. It maintains the ideal serving temperature for hours preserving the intended taste and aroma. It elegantly displays the wine and its label. The ice pack is reusable and saves precious water. It stores easily. It acts as a decoration even when it’s not in use. It can be customized to your home décor or any occasion. It can advertise your brand or business. It’s an ideal gift for any home or occasion. It’s a perfect promotional giveaway. Decorating your home for holidays and special occasions is always fun to do, especially with unique and elegant accessories. Improve the presentation and function of your celebratory spirits with ChillaVino and make a statement. Share with your friends! Risks and challenges Despite our experience with manufacturing, distribution and logistics, we are planning for all contingencies and potential obstacles that could impact our schedule. For this reason we have safeguarded our timelines ensure a smooth and timely performance. From time to time, Kickstarter campaigns wildly exceed a project creator’s expectation. If we hit huge volume, it may push the timeline back, likely to the tune of 14 - 30 days. It’s definitely prudent to prepare for delays. However, manufacturing in the USA is a definite advantage from a timing and logistics prospective. Shipments coming from Asia usually spend three weeks or more on the water, plus potential delays in customs. Once our product is manufactured, we can ship anywhere in the US within one week. Our goal is to provide you with a high quality, functional product that you will use and display with pride. We are also a green company and we hope to bring further awareness to the water crisis, while providing one solution. Please click the “Back This Project” button at the top of the page, or spread the word by sharing this page with your friends and family. Any pledge amount brings us closer to our goal. Cheers! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter