I wrote this to the tune of "Pancho and Lefty" but I need assistance with copyright, a musician to write original music and live professional band demo. I think this could be a big hit in the right hands. As I mentioned, I cant sing or write music. I have more lyrics written but I just want to see if this goes anywhere. Wether you back me or not, thank you for taking the time to check this out. And now the lyrics. Im not savvy with a computer either so they might seem out of whack. Bear with me and thank you. The Kings of pop and rock n' roll........left us too soon we all know One out west and one down south.....took the breath right out of our mouths One was his momma's only boy........the other part of a team The days they died we all cried.........like a bad dream CHORUS Though their not around today.........their songs will always playAnd their legacy will remain.........the kings of pop and rock n' rollVERSE 2They had a style all their own........that cant be matched is well knownOh yes they redefined cool.........with shiny gloves and jumpsuits tooThey did what they wanted to do.........and now their legend growsYes they did what they wanted to do........and now their legend growsREPEAT CHORUSVERSE 3As our time comes to an end.........I say farewell to you my friendsI'll see you all again someday........as we all grow old and leave this placeIt sure has been one hell of a ride.......and now you both stand side by sideTo meet us at those pearly gates.........and now my stories closedREPEAT CHORUS Risks and challenges The only obsatcles I foresee are finding a collaborator that has a similar vision for the music....other than that I mentioned the tune I had in my mind when I wrote the lyrics so I think it should pretty much be cut and dried. And If you do think this is a good idea as I do....I have more songs which I think may be better actually but If you have no contacts it's like impossible to get anywhere. I really appreciate you taking the time to read this. Best of luck to us all. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter