Have you ever imagined a world where everyone can learn online? Obtainn is on a mission to empower everyone to be able to learn online. Your children come to you telling you how they have learned to make websites for free online and so on. You don't even begin to know where to look to start learning this stuff online. Obtainn is going to change that. It's simple. You go to obtainn.com and sign up. When you sign up for the first time you are asked a few questions which determines your learning style. You never have to answer any more questions again. Every time you log on, it recognizes you and your learning style. Users can choose a subject in the browse section or simply search a topic. Any topic they choose or search has its own “profile page” with the top links to learn that subject online based off the user’s learning style, an avaliable book on Amazon that is perfect for you, and avaliable books in your local library that will help you learn that subject.Some people are visual learners while others may like to read more to acquire information. This is one of the key factors when talking about learning new things. Obtainn is the first educational search engine that caters to individuals for who they are.Our main goal is to get those who haven't the slightest idea where to start finding the right places to learn online and take them by the hand in a quick easy and fun environment. We hope for this to increase the already popular online learning industry for the bettering of the world. Obtainn is there to also help those that already enjoy learning new things online. It’s absurd how so many people go through the hassle of searching through hundreds of results until they find one they like! Back in the day, when you would go to the library to learn something new, the librarian would show you the exact book that would be perfect for you to learn about that subject. Obtainn will mirror the personability of the librarian for the digital age. By nature, we are explorers. We search the vast lands and skies to discover the unknown. We explore the endless seas in hope of finding a treasure. We all crave knowledge.In the past, when thirsting for knowledge of a specific subject, I would head over to the local library. Once there, I would ask the librarian to direct me to a book that would teach me about whatever it was I was interested in at that moment. The librarian would head over to her desk, do something magical, and would then send me to the exact book that would help me acquire the new knowledge I was seeking. Check out. Read. Knowledge. Obtained.Quite simple. Long gone are those good ol' days. With the increased power and popularity of search engines, the only option we are left with is to search the subject online and be bombarded with millions of possible leads. Obtainn is here to change that. We are your online librarian. We send you to the place where you can begin obtaining the knowledge you crave. Development- $20,000 CADWe are in the initial developement stage and we need help to keep it going.Design – $10,000 CAD Our goal is to grow the world of online learning and make it easier to find new things to learn online.With your help we can make this project a reality and begin a new way of obtaining knowledge. Cheers! to you all!We will be keeping in close contact with all you backers out there in order to keep you up to date with our progress. We are here for you guys and gals out there, so ask any question that is on your mind and we will get back to you as quickly as we can.For any questions feel free to email David at info@obtainn.com Risks and challenges The web development is a large task to bear. This important part of the process is why we are working with a team of top developers to make sure we do everything right. Your comments and opinions will help us. Feel free to tell us what you think. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter