The Plan The May 20th tornado that devastated Moore, Oklahoma originated in the town of Newcastle, which is adjacent to Tuttle, the small suburb where my family lives. I'd like to document the lives affected and the physical damage that occured during that forty minute period.This project will collect images and audio recordings from the rebuilding process. As the storm occured, coverage of it was on every local television and radio station. The following morning, "Morning Joe" was being broadcast from the center of the devastation. Dozens of other national anchor people descended upon the area. In a week this storm will no longer be a national story. In three weeks it won't even be a regular local news story. This is when I'd like to begin my documentation of the recovery process. What will these families face over the next six months? The answer to this question is what this project will seek over the course of the next half year. My intention is to share these photos and interviews through cowbird.com and possibly Vimeo/Youtube. I'll use my own story site, truthola.com, to create a table of contents that links to the journals that have been uploaded to cowbird. Last night I uploaded the first collection of these storm photos to cowbird. You can see them here, The Frogs Begin to Sing Again, Girl with the Courage, and Piles. The funding will be used for equipment and especially editing as the project comes together. I'll use the services of a professional editor. I'll use my own camera and field recorder, keeping the cost of the project low. Thanks, rv Risks and challenges When I first started imagining this project 6 months seemed like a long enough duration to see progress in the recovery. After walking through just a small portion of the devastated area, 6 months doesn't seem very long at all. Will these neighborhoods even be cleaned up in such a short period of time? It seems like such an impossible task that these poor families face. The areas I'll be choosing to document in my project will already have some signs of recovery happening in or around them. Some of the homes damaged by this storm may very well never be rebuilt. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter