As we grow with our devices, daily tasks have become much easier. We use them for almost everything we do.However, our devices rely on batteries and more often than not, these batteries are unable to hold a charge long enough to get you through the day. LiteWire is a simple yet ingenious solution to this problem. With billions of USB ports around the world, it’s easy to find a power source for our mobile devices. However, when we’re out and about, we often don’t have access to that one thing that connects our devices to the power source - a charging cable. LiteWire is a small, easy to use charging cable that will connect you to these USB ports. LiteWire not only charges your devices up to 2x faster than standard charging cables, but it also protects it from any accidental data transfer or data theft. What's even better is that is that it easily fits in your pocket and it's tough enough to take on a 5000 lb minivan! Now you’ll have access to a reliable charging cable whenever you need it! LiteWire is universal and recognizes no boundaries. It doesn’t matter who you are or where you're from. It doesn't matter whether you use an iPhone, Blackberry, Windows, or Android - as long as you’re a mobile device user, LiteWire is for you. Because LiteWire features both microUSB and Lightning connectors, it can charge 90% of the devices on the market. This is one of the most asked questions on earth. We all know why. It's because we just love being connected in this digital world. With LiteWire, we wanted to create a small, yet powerful tool that makes it convenient for everyone to keep their mobile devices powered up so they can stay connected. Whether you are an iOS, Android, Blackberry, or Windows user, LiteWire is your ultimate dual charging cable. It can charge approximately 90% of the devices available in the market. That means you'll never need to carry two separate cables for your devices anymore. We gathered all the devices in our office and put LiteWire to the test. It was able to charge a Kobo eReader, Samsung Note 3, Blackberry Z10, Google Nexus 4, Apple iPhone 5s, Blu Win HD, Anker Powerbank, and an action camera. LiteWire is a more convenient alternative to bulky charging cables. With the size of a car key, you can easily attach it to your key-chain and never again worry forgetting your charging cable at home. Which charging cable would you rather bring with you when you're on the go? A long bulky cable that can barely fit in your pocket or a compact dual charging cable that can easily attach to your keys? We think the answer is pretty obvious. LiteWire's protective shell and reinforced flat cable will guarantee you a long-lasting and profitable partnership. No more connectors falling off or cables peeling from collective usage. To test how extremely durable LiteWire is, we ran it over by a 5,690 lb minivan multiple times and it was still functional. It's as tough as a tank! When your mobile device is plugged into a computer's USB port, your standard charging cable syncs and charges at the same time, which results in very slow charging rates. Unlike standard charging cables featuring both data and syncing capabilities, LiteWire's charge-only feature makes sure you don't waste your precious time charging your phone forever. This means that all the power available will be used to boost the charging speed up to 2x faster - for those times you are away from the wall. Charging speed is measured using the unit of Ampere-hour(Ah). To demonstrate the difference in charging speeds between LiteWire and a standard charging cable, we used a USB meter and tested various devices as well as various power sources. Based on the test results above, 6 out of 8 times LiteWire charged mobile devices at least 2x faster than regular charging cables when plugged into non-wall plug power sources. NOTE: The fast charge function only applies to non-wall plug power sources. Wall plug chargers do not sync your device, therefore it already charges your phone as fast as possible. In addition, newer iPhones can charge up to 2.1A from a USB port using the regular cable when it's plugged into newer Mac computers. We know how important it is for you to feel safe when charging your devices when you're out and about. When you're using public charging ports, hackers can easily steal your photos, videos, banking information, contacts, and a lot more. That's why we blocked the data feature of LiteWire, making it impossible for unknown devices to gain unauthorized access to your phone and tablet, steal your data, or install malware on your mobile device. You can think of LiteWire as the SyncStop/USB Condom of compact charging cables. It does the exact same thing. In other words, LiteWire can save you from juice jacking. What is juice jacking? 11Alive-TV | Juice Jacking: Dangers of charging stationsHuffington Post | How to protect your phone from juice jackingWKCY | Protect your info from "Juice Jacking" Compared to Regular Cables LiteWire XL is double the length of your regular charging cable! It's 6ft long and it can accommodate hard to reach power sources such as this: When we were designing LiteWire, we made sure that every mobile device user in the world could use it. Thanks to our specialized dual charging connectors, LiteWire is slim enough to fit into most phone cases so you don't have to ditch your phone cover. The ends of the connectors are much slimmer than the body itself, making it easier to accommodate tighter spaces. Specifications Cable Color Selection Our mission is to keep you connected. Why? We’ve experienced the same problems you have when managing our devices' battery life and we know that it's one of the biggest pains out there. We want to make charging easier for you. This is why we are dedicated to designing, developing and commercializing innovative charging solutions for mobile devices. After noticing the constant let down of battery technology and charging solutions in the industry, we gathered a team of experts from Canada, The United States, Japan, Bulgaria, Bosnia, and China to create the fastest, smallest, and safest dual charging cable in the world. Risks and challenges It has taken us nearly 9 months to get where we are today, and it has been an incredible challenge to design and develop the best performing charging cable in such a compact design. With any project there are risks and challenges involved. Here are the following major factors of risk that we have accounted for: 1. Supply Chain: A manufacturing delay is the biggest risk that we have identified that could potentially delay shipping. Solution: We have partnered with a world-leading manufacturer of cables and phone accessories. In regards to their manufacturing experience, they have been part of the industry for about 10 years and have produced products for other crowdfunding campaigns. This provides us added insurance and confidence that they will be able to manufacture on time and will have a strict quality control processes in place. 2. Fulfillment Capacity: If LiteWire generates a lot of interest on Kickstarter and we get crazy amounts of orders, it is possible that fulfillment and shipping will be delayed. Solution: We have partnered with a local logistics company that will help us along the process. They have a proven track record of dealing with very diverse types of good and we believe that this partnership will greatly reduce the challenges involved in global shipping. That being said, unexpected delays can happen when dealing with a very long supply chain process, but we will be sure to always keep you updated with our bi-weekly production updates. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter