Calling All Champions! Crawling out of the basement, den of such creations as "Train Beard" and "Robot Rodeo", it is I, your buddy Mo. While I have heaps of love for both of those homemade records, as I know a bunch of ya'll do, I have been wanting to create a new album in a pro joint, with pro gear, and pro help, in order to give these new songs the love they deserve. I have begun the new album at Sidecar Studio in the lovely city of Portland, Oregon, with the help of the engineering, producing, instrument playing wizardry of Johnny Keener, local super dude. After the first few tracks were proving to be monsters of awesome, it occured to me that this album was going to take more time and money than I had anticipated. And so now I am calling the Champions. That's you guys. I have come to this website Kickstarter to help me reach out to ya'll to make this album happen. The way Kickstarter works is that it is all or nothing funding, meaning that if I do not reach my goal, then I receive no funds at all, (and those who pledged donations will get to save those dontations for another time, or some shoes, or a whole mess of donuts...) My initial goal is $5,000 This money will help to pay for: -studio time -engineering -amazing musicians (so far I have Johnny Keener, Ryan Beisack, Little Sue, and Lincoln Crockett signed up to make this thing super rad, with more sweet players to come). -mixing/mastering -duplication and distribution -album art If I reach my goal and then exceed it, the extra funds will go to getting the word out about the album, and hopefully making a crazy video, most likely for "Ducks Don't Get Wet." Whoot woot! Thanks ya'll. I really do love ya. I'm feeling pretty blessed that it should be me that gets to kickout the jams with awesome families all across the land. Let's do this. Mo PS. If you have any questions about the funding, the prizes, PTFC, or anything at all, please, PLEASE feel free to contact me: mo@mophillips.com Cheers! www.mophillips.comwww.facebook.com/MoPhillipsMusic