Hello,My name is Jan and I'm 23 years old. Me and my friend Jiri come from the Czech Republic (Prague, beer, beautiful women), but for some time now we live and work in London, where we also met and where we invented and began to realize our joint project Archeev. Jiri and I we are young and we like to have fun and enjoy the life to the full. We like sports, traveling to interesting places and seeking new experiences with new people. We love good drink and a lot of happy people around. But we both dislike the fact that most of our friends today spend more time on social networks. London is a beautiful city full of interesting places worth a visit with a girlfriend, boyfriend or with some happy bunch of people. London is a city full of opportunities to get acquainted with interesting people through various events like volleyball in Hyde Park, etc. But how to find out about it? Today social media are very limited in information from circles of your friends. Jiri and I we have hundreds of friends on today's social networks such as Facebook and Google+ and yet we often miss going out to some interesting event to meet new people with similar interests. That's because people prefer to spend time looking at posts on Facebook, communicating with others via keyboard and they are really missing what is happening around them. They don't meet and they don't have fun as they could. The truth is that today's social networks have enormous social gaps. They slow us down in our lives but only a few of us realize it.For a long time we were looking for something new, a website, an app or a social network according to our ideas, but we could not find anything. Once we got an idea and we decided to do own social network. In the summer of 2014, we started working on it ...It is a great honor for us to introduce our joint project Archeev- archive of places and events on interactive map, which users themselves created and shared. More specifically, Archeev is just emerging mobile application and website, enabling to follow and save places and events on interactive map in the form of points. Each point shows the event or place sorted into different categories. Each point also includes photos, videos, descriptions, ratings, etc.Wherever you are in the world, Archeev lets you watch the real happenings around you.Archeev users updates points themselves by adding photos and other information. After some time we can watch how is each place changing. Archeev also enables to draw attention to places and events around you, perhaps on the way to work. Just set your favorite categories and your search range.As it is a social network where users wants to really meet someone, have fun, practice their hobbies and visit interesting places, Archeev will contain different categories for events such as Quest of Adventure, Sports Events, Cultural Events, Entertainment Events, Nightlife, etc. You will find there comments of people who have a desire to create an event and you can connect to them or you create own events. If you are among those who create events rather than those who visit them, imagine creating an event connected with Your interest to alert people in the area who are interested in the same thing and so gradually you create your own group of fans who will follow Your Events via Archeev and will visit them frequently and regularly. Exercise in the park, competitions, sports games, parties, concerts, children's days, and so on. If you are more into traveling to interesting places, maybe you will like categories such as Place For Relaxation, Natural Phenomena, Romantic Places and lots more. Imagine yourself going to work on the morning bus and you will be notified of a place near you, you check what it is, review the photos, comments and you find that it is a beautiful place by the lake, which will be perfect for evening walk with your girlfriend.Imagine you are out with friends and you get notification about a nearby pub, where an event “Two beers for the price of one” takes place.Imagine that you are going through a park or around it and you find out via Archeev that every Tuesday and Thursday, a public event “yoga exercises” takes place here. You find out who organize this event, how many people follow it, you review the photos and comments and you start looking forward to join this event next time is on. Together with the app a website will be run which works just like the app, with only minor adjustments and a blog where we want to show our actual plan and our vision as how we want to continue, because we have lots of other ideas how to improve our app. Archeev also has an Extended accounts for businesses enabling them to create a enjoyable presentation of the company through which they can create, for example, a concert of a band and share this event between Archeev users who are interested in musical events and who are located in and beyond certain radius around the venue. Not long after the launch we introduce the possibility of buying tickets directly through Archeev, or voucher services. The owner of such account can set recurring activities / events several weeks in advance and then just watch how Archeev works. Place or event created through this account is more visible on the interactive map. Archeev therefore allows entrepreneurs to reach more customers nearby at the exact time when someone, somewhere, is thinking what to do with this time off .. Risks and challenges Now we are solving problems with development, we have to find two programmers working on it their spare time as we do and because of our limited funds, which slows us down. When launching the application, we will have another problem and this is to build a basic net of points and events on our map, than spread it among people and also repair all the errors and shortcomings that may sometimes occur while using the application. Also we are solving financial problem associated with the operation of our project, the rented servers and so on. For this reason we are forced to charge some services associated with creating of an event. If we could rise more than £10,000 through Kickstarter, Archeev would be free for ordinary users. We count with all those things and we are firmly determined to get through them. When we started to work on our project, it was just an idea, but over time has changed into a bit of us. Every day we devote to our project and we look forward to Archeev launch. We have overcame many obstacles and other we will face. But it is only a matter of time before we get over them. We look forward to focus on building Archeev all over the world and many other extensions we have already prepared. Next year we want to start third mode of our application which will enhance level of organizing events and it will increase its support to users, who want to fully focus on organizing events. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter