Thank you for your support ! Together we can bring this tool too the world and dramatically improve the efficiency, convenience , and ease of use for everyone’s windshield, and window washing needs. We are in the early prototyping stage of development. In order to demonstrate our commitment to transparency of the process, The following funding plan outline is provided. The first $ 5500USD is for CAD designers. In the second phase, the prototype will be made out of hard ABS plastic. The third phase will see further development, leading to full engineering validation testing. After that, and further design and production tests, mass manufacturing is planned to be sited in Minnesota. According to the manufacturer’s consultation, determining second and third phase costs can only be certain after completion of the first phase operations. Here in Toledo Ohio, the prototyping manufacturer has provided a soft quote of between $ 6k and $ 9k to further develope the initial prototype into a standard ABS or other materials, to be determined after testing. Lastly, of course, mass manufacturing will require an entirely higher order of funding. With that funding, however, lead time between phase one and mass manufacture could be astonishingly quick. As I mentioned in the video, we must push for realization of this tool, in order for us not to have to drive to our local fueling stations time after time, disappointed when there is no squeegee, no bucket, or no cleaner fluid awaiting us when we arrive. This tool will be yours and stay in your personal vehicle, at the ready at all times. It is equipped with an ice scraper and brush for the winter months, and a squeegee with sponge for the warm seasons. The tool also features an on board Mobile Express Bottle that attaches directly to the rifle style handle undercarriage, or your clothing, by way of a clip. Alternatively, the hose can screw directly into a one gallon windshield bottle found in any retail and gas station stores. And remember that amazing spray nozzle.. it shoots over eleven feet! The package will include the handy extension bar for the added length needed to service semi-trucks, Rv's, and busses, as well as buildings, and home windows. Also included is the cool rifle sling for two handed adjustments on the fly without wasting time or effort. Ladies and gentlemen, this invention is the best all-season cleaning and maintenance tool we’ve all been waiting for! Help me make this tool a reality. Let’s get it to market and into your hands, Thank You. Risks and challenges The motor inside of the rifle has to be insulated with the proper insulation. Second option is to eliminate the motor all together and use my second and third option if the motor cannot be insulted properly do to the colder months. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter