We cannot read minds, but now we can know the answer! For so long I wanted to have powers and know if the person that I like is also into me, with the time beside that I wanted to know if we have also the same interest, and then if we are looking for the same in a short or long period. Well I promised y tried so hard to make a mind reader, but sorry guys it was more complicate that I thought. but with aiMe they can give us the answer. App that actually works for you !We wanna make life simple, we are trying to make more conection with the people around us.Thats why aiMe is not a chat, when we are around people, we dont need to chat with them, we need to speak with them, not even the best chat can show your emotions and actually the meaning of your words as good as when we speak!What´s aiMe ?There are many apps in the market to meet people, but it’s allways the same thing: A huge list of profiles where you find: old photos, group photos or cartoon pictures, but more importantly, fake profiles. Perhaps you like half of the list, but that does not guarantee that they would like you back. When you finally have found someone to chat with, the conversations often become monotonous, and those which are more pleasant can take for ever to end up in an actual date. On the date you encounter the problem that: people do not look like in the picture online or they are not as nice as they were in the chat. and is not weird that after days of chatting that person is still a stranger. That’s where AIME is different. In other apps you have to search for people. Aime does it for you, not in quantity but quality. Just Download Aime and register who you are and what are you looking for. Once you’ve created your profile you no longer need to spend any time in the app. Aime acts as a radar seeking matches within very close proximity of where you are. This may be in the train that takes you to work or the favorite bar on the weekends. For example. You're in a bar, AIME will do the match with the person you are into and that person is also into you. if the match exists, you can see the photo and the person in that moment. No more surprises. Then is the time to make a desicion, if you like the person just send an aim and if u receive the aim back, the next step is to start the conversation. This is aime ... less type type type and more bla bla bla.Something really important about aiMe is the verification process!All the apps that i know have millions of fake profiles, thast not our aim, (hahaha), the verification process works this way, as soon as you have your profile we will send you a code and face motion (smile, sad, tongue, serious face) so then you have to make a selfie with the code and the face motion that we are asking for, then we will match your photo with your selfie, if is the same person then your profile will be active, if you do not make the verification process people will no be able to use aiMe. aiMe wants real people for real conversations.Maybe that person is not out of your league !other reason why aime was made is this one, so many times we do not talk with the person because we think that He-she is out of our league, but maybe that person is not looking for the role model person, maybe He-She want somebody who wants to share more than the look, well aiMe can help with that, not just you but also that person who actually was looking for you without you knowing !---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------aiMe is a new app that we are working on for about 7 months already, making campagne in Europe and America.The idea is pretty cool and the best part of it is the simplicity, this app works for you and it will conect you with the people around you, its time to go back in time when we use to talk more and type less.Lets hope you like the idea and you can fell the passion that we are putting in this project, we need some help to keep going with aiMe.28-08-2014 you can download aiMe on you smartphone.https://www.facebook.com/aimeapphttps://twitter.com/aiMeApphttp://aimeapp.com/Countdown aimeapp ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QhaZ_pdaQURewards: Get ready The blue prince charming is over, the prince is actually green.Pullover, TShirt, Polo ShirtGet in our team and wear proudly your aiMe Pack aiMe Pack Hand made aiMe design Phonograph. Before these new inventions changed the face of the audio world, people needed a way to listen to sound in an analog format, one that did not depend on electricity to run.This beautiful design fashion both worlds on one. Your smartphone playing old fashion We can make the phonograph in the color that you like, so please let us know the color.other options is to let our designer to make something special for you. Phonograph aiMe City Bamboo aiMe Bamboo design Some of the main features of bamboo designs are vibration damping,crash tolerance, and the natural look of the bike. Vibration damping is one of the most desirable features of such bikes. A bamboo bicycle can offer a very smooth and comfortable ride. Bamboo is also considered by some to be a more eco-friendly material than other more conventional frame materials aiMe Bamboo Bike Cruice aiMe Racer Bamboo Design Please choose the one that u like the most and also if you have a different idea let us know and we will try to fulfill your request.This bikes are hand made and unique, everysingle bike is different that the other one. aiMe Bamboo Bike Risks and challenges The app is almost ready but we need to keep investing in publicity and paying all the expenses that this project involve. aiMe needs publicity and marketing, thas the onlz waz that we can make this idea get into all the people, an app that actullz will work for you. The only obstacle that we have is if we do not make this App viral but we have now all the conections and we have the perfect plan from now till next 2 years. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter