Playing Stanford's Sprung Festival with Arswain Hey Kickstarter,I'm a lifelong musician from the Bay Area looking to knock a huge load off my bucket list and hopefully launch a career in the industry. With your contributions I'm going to make a full-length album of original material to please you and your posterity for years to come. I'm a guitar player and vocalist and I'll be employing some of my talented friends and professionals to bring my own brand of rock n' roll to the masses. I shook the dust off of some of the other instruments I've accumulated over the years, and put together a cover of a classic -- CCR's "Lookin Out My Back Door." Enjoy and please spread the word. You can download the track at: https://soundcloud.com/rooney-pitchford/lookin-out-my-backdoorOR BY CLICKING THIS LINK: SongDownloadThe plan is to record 12 original songs divided into three setsThe first four will be with a full band, hopefully with loud guitars, horns, strings, and a healthy dose of Elton John. The second will be an acoustic set -- fingerpicked ballads, cowboy shanties, and seething harmonies. The final set will be 4 songs from the blues and soul side of things. They will be unforgiving, dark, moody, and pure. I've been thinking about making this album since School of Rock came out and I decided to pick up a guitar and go for gold. When you contribute, know that you're giving to a passionate, undying effort to offer something real and beautiful to those who are interested in listening. In order to get this done, I need to pay musicians for their work ($4000), employ engineers to record and mix the tracks ($4000), and use whatever is left to push the album to the people, by way of t-shirts, stickers, and, if there's enough cash, to put out a vinyl print of the album. Risks and challenges To realize the product at the level I'm looking for, I'll have to put most of my focus into the recording phase. This means getting musicians together, having material ready for them, and employing great engineers to get the tracking sessions done efficiently. Once the tracks are recorded, they'll be sent to trusted mixing engineers, and, once mixed, to mastering engineers who will prepare them for release. On the non-musical side of things, I'll be coordinating the production of merchandise with a master-designer buddy of mine. We'll be pushing shirts, stickers, and hopefully vinyl records to anyone who will take them. In short, the most notable reasons for concern are a week or two of tracking, and keeping tabs on the design and production of merchandise. I'm ready to push through, as there won't be any product without some elbow grease and a few late nights. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter