It finally happened - Aliens have invaded the world. Most of the cities are evacuated and under military quarantine. In order to help humanity rebuild, your mission is to clean the cities of the invaders. Battle for the Sun is an action packed first person shooter / combat game. Join forces with the military’s special ops to save mankind as we know it. This is Battle For the Sun. Battle for the Sun Mechanics: First person melee and weapon combat Long ranged weapons Realistic AI and movement Props destruction and explosions Scenario based levels and missions Action packed free to play mode We are planning to release the game on Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, iOS and Android in 2015. Please vote for us on Steam Greenlight and make Battle for the Sun happen! Battle for the Sun is a first person shooter game. You take the role of a skillful special ops soldier trying to survive and clear the cities of alien soldiers, lizards and snakes. Each one of the alien races has special skills. You have to find a way to clear the cities by using the help of your weapons. “It can´t be an easy task to take on the FPS genre as an indie dev. considering the fact that the FPS market is totally dominated by big AAA studios. And that´s exactly the case with Appsolutely Studios FPS game Battle for the Sun” - Robin Ek, TheGG.net“At the command of a member of the special forces, our task in Battle for the Sun will be to fight the aliens with every weapon possible and save the human race, in view of a shooter inspired by the '50s science fiction” - Tommaso Pugliese, Multiplayer.it "Imagine our world is invaded by aliens – very powerful, much more powerful than us – who want to rule our planet! It will be a serious situation, no doubt. But it can give rise to a lot of adventure, excitement and a spirit of mankind that will unite to fight!” - Neeta, Forum Fanatics If the project is successfully funded and exceed the goal, here is the list of the cool stuff we are planning to add to the game.$25K - The project is funded! We will be able to finish development, deliver the promised rewards to all of our backers and release the game!$35K - We will be including 2 new unique levels with 10 episodes each to the game$45K - We will hire a professional writer and a professional voice actor to improve the quality of the game’s scenario and levels.$50K - We will be translating the game to Spanish, French, German, Portuguese, Chinese, Japanese, Russian, Turkish and Italian.$60K - We will be adding side missions to the game.$75K - We will be adding multiplayer combat$100K - We will be porting the game to Xbox and Playstation platforms.$1M - After the release of the game, we'll be hosting a huge party in Bahamas where everyone's invited to on a yacht (Let's PARTY! :)) The game is currently in alpha stage. We need your support to finish the game. The funds will be used for: Appsolutely Studios is founded by very close friends so we could build great games together. All of the team is highly involved in design, development, artwork and gameplay mechanics. Please contact us if you have any questions / suggestions or even just to say hello! We won’t bite :) Twitter Facebook Youtube Email: info@BattleForTheSun.com Website Blog Risks and challenges Our greatest challenge will be to provide a great and fun experience for everyone by trying to make every aspect of the gameplay, music, 3D and artificial intelligence as highest quality as possible. We are confident that we have the experience and skills to overcome any issues that’d come in our way. Risks associated with development in general (eg. bug fixing, environmental issues) will be our utmost priority to overcome. Every issue we encounter will be shared with our backers in detail with a complete risk management plan. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter