Dark Consequences SYNOPSIS: Dark Consequences is a unique story as it's from the point of view of every day teenagers. They're not adults or military or former spec ops agents. They are the everyday teenager, going through school, friendships, sports, and relationships. When the government reveals it has been trying to communicate with other life forms and have finally gotten a response back. people are in disbelief and don't buy into it, including our group of teenagers. This action as well as the governments choice to communicate throughout the cosmos will prove to have dire consequences. Setting mankind up for a fight its not ready for and leaving our group of teenagers fighting to survive CHARACTERS:Dylan: Dylan, Age 17, is a tall athletic male. He is brave, smart and a quick thinker. He is a great baseball player as well as a great friend. He is humble. He can handle any pressure given to him with ease as well as carry any burden stowed upon him. Although he can handle all of this, every teen has a breaking point.Selena: Selena, Age 17, is a Beautiful young women, who is strong willed, brave, caring and intelligent. She is a quick thinker. She is capable of handling any situation. She is confident and a natural born leader even though its not realized at first. She is also the love interest of Dylan.John: John, Age 17, is an athletic male. He is funny or at least he tries to be. He is quick to speak. He also thinks too highly of him self sometimes but is modest about it. He plays baseball as well. He has his moments where he seems weak and sometimes even cowardly, but he is not. It’s just fear. He is tougher and braver then he knows. He is the best friend of Dylan. Nichole: Nichole, Age 16, is a smart and beautiful young women, who is brave and emotional. When everything happens she is willing to do anything to help the group out. She is determined and strong willed. She is Selena's best friend and Bobby's older sister.Sammy: Sammy, Age 16. Is smart but doubts about it a lot. He is not as athletic as the others. He is your normal average teenage boy. He is best friend of both Dylan and John.Bobby: Bobby, Age 10, is young and hasn't really experienced the world yet. He hasn't lived long enough too. He is unsure of what is going on. He is scared of a lot of things which leads to him making questionable decisions which is expected from someone his age. He is Nichole's younger brother. Rewards: · Reward #1 Pledge $1 or more Thank you shout out on our Facebook page & website. Estimated delivery: Aug 2013 · Reward #2 Pledge $20 or more Thank you shout out in a video segment on the Movies Bonus Features. & everything above. Estimated delivery: Jun 2014 · Reward #3 Pledge $25 or more A Signed Poster of the film From Entire Cast, Director and Producers. & everything above. Estimated delivery: Dec 2013 Add $2 to ship outside the US · Reward #4 Pledge $50 or more A hand written thank you letter signed by the director. & everything above. Estimated delivery: Nov 2013 · Reward #5 Pledge $100 or more Dark Consequences T-Shirt. & everything above. Estimated delivery: Dec 2013 Add $2 to ship outside the US · Reward #6 Pledge $200 or more DVD copy of Dark Consequences. & everything above. Estimated delivery: Jul 2014 Add $2 to ship outside the US · Reward #7 Pledge $300 or more Blu-Ray/DVD Copy of Dark Consequences Packed with Extra Bonus Features. As well as 2 Tickets To the Premiere . & everything above. *Travel not paid for Estimated delivery: Jun 2014 Add $2 to ship outside the US · Reward #8 Pledge $400 or more Allowed to be on set during filming and will be featured as an extra in the film. & everything above. *Travel not paid for Estimated delivery: Dec 2013 · Reward #9 Pledge $500 or more Video Chat Q&A on Google+. & everything above. Estimated delivery: Oct 2013 · Reward #10 Pledge $1,000 or more will be listed on the credits as a backer. & everything above. ·Reward #11 Pledge $5,000 or more Dinner with the Director and the Cast. & everything above. *Travel not paid for Estimated delivery: Mar 2014 Funds and how they will be used: The funds generously donated will be going towards proper equipment needed for production as well as all post production cost for the editing and finalizing of the movie. In order to achieve my goal I will need the proper funding. The list below itemizes the expenses needed to complete this project. Budget Any contributions towards the filming of Dark Consequences will be greatly appreciated.Thank you in advance for your kindness, consideration, generosity and time. Director/ Writer Justin Fernandez Risks and challenges The challenge that we are facing is funding our budget. Money is hard to come by for any project however, we truly believe we have a very strong story line, a well written script, and a great production team. All we need is your help in funding the film to move us in the right direction. We run the risk of not reaching the goals set by our production crew. We will overcome these obstacles by working diligently in our casting efforts to make sure we cast exceptional actors who will give us their complete devotion and dedication while filming. Also, by making sure we capture every shot to it's full potential. In the editing room during Post-Production, our crew will ensure that every shot, scene and sequence is impeccable down to the very last frame. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter