The V8The project is a pretty straight forward idea. Take two Honda V4's, slap 'm together and tadaa! V8. But as any technician, motorcycle- and/or car lover will know, things like this are never easy. There are cranks, cams, gears, wires and a whole bunch of oily things to think about. Not to mention some components won't be able to take the combined power of two high revving, 750cc sportengines. The gearbox of a 1200 to 1400cc superbike will have to be fitted just to make sure the engine won't tear the drivetrain apart. Things that have never existed will have to be made!Ok, last part is overdramatic, but it doesnt take away the fact that there will be quite a few challenges.The end result (a working engine) will be sold and the money and design used to build more of the engines. That way this project won't be a one time thing while simultaneously ensuring that the people who want one, can buy one.So, there is a lot of calculating, designing, part-making, fitting, cursing and recalculating to be done. Luckily I have acces to a large workshop with CNC machines, large and well-equipped workbenches, weldingmachines and a lot more. All this will make the job easier without having to make it a home project wich will be sitting in the garage for the upcoming years.Even so, it will be tough. Even if the engineering part goes well, there are alot of electronics and standard engine problems to count in the equation. So while the first bit seems pretty straight forward (measuring and machining), the second bit will be finetuning the whole setup. But back to the product of passion and the questions that matter: Specifically, what 'kind' of V8 will it be, and what will it be able to do?It will be a 1500cc, 90 degree V8 with a flatplane crankshaft, revving up to 15.000 rpm with gear driven camshafts. With normal aspiration, carburateur fed it should be able to push out between 160 en 200 hp and 110 tot 140 Nm of torque. But thats just guessing. The standard engines wich it will be made of make about 98 hp 71 Nm. If its done, this frankenstein engine will be the engine Honda wanted to fit in the NR750, but bigger, meaner, and screamier. Risks and challenges First challenge: get Money! Second challenge: Make sure said Money gets well spend on the right parts! Third challenge: Slamming parts together until something is created that closely resembles an engine. Fourth challenge: not doing the third challenge. Rest of the challenges: - measurering everything that is related to the 750cc engine (and I do mean Everything) - design and machine the needed parts that will connect the engines - design and machine the needed parts that will make sure the drivetrain is compatable with the engine - when all is fitted, test the setup and finetune from there (probably with more designing and machining). - when the whole engineering part is done, the engine needs to be completed with its carbs, exhausts, cooling and electronics. All of that needs to be finetuned aswell. - test the whole assembly again. Final challenge: making it run without being a "healthrisk" for anyone within a 10 feet radius. Other challenges will be making sure the engine documentation is in order for it to be registered as a powerplant for a vehicle. Also all the data logging for myself (and you) will likely be less of "what great to have all this data!" and more like "shit, where did I save that document?". As mentioned, this project will be tough. And when completed it will need a home to be placed in. I'm planning to sell the engine with fittings for that customer's needs. That way it can be build in a car or motorcycle, and I will be able to build one or two more engines. These will be quicker to build since I already know everything I need to know (and have). Learn about accountability on Kickstarter