"Dooley's Flight School" stars Dooley the turtle, a supporting character featured in Little Emily. The family pet and trusted co-pilot for Emily's younger brother Quinn's hang glider test flights, Dooley lives an unimaginably active life for a turtle. This little film depicts Dooley's budding dreams of ruling the skies, and of going to flight school to become a flying ace! You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Emily Wally is angry and frustrated by the lack of attention she receives from her extraordinarily eccentric family. One not-so-fine day while on her way to the library, Emily runs into the town psychic who dramatically reveals her future: Death. Fascinated by the idea, Emily is convinced that this prediction proves the best solution to her specific predicament. That night she reveals her plans of self-destruction to her family, but none of them seem to be bothered by her all-too-common show of dramatics. She resolves to jump off the town's oldest bridge the very next day, but her plans are thwarted when Dooley, the beloved family turtle, is swept away on a runaway hang glider. Emily must choose what is more important to her; making a powerful, irreversible statement of independence from her parents, or saving the turtle she loves from almost certain death. Little Emily is inspired by the classic J.M. Barrie children's book Peter Pan, and like that book, it explores the intersection between childhood and adulthood. Emily Wally, like the children who fly off to Neverland, must decide who she wants to be, and what she wants to do to maintain her own personal integrity in the face of an overwhelming culture (specifically her mother Ingrid) telling her who and what to be. She is challenged to carve out her place in the world and explore her destiny. Our film derives its visual inspiration from films such as Wes Anderson's Moonrise Kingdom, Jean-Pierre Jeunet's Amélie, and Alfred Hitchcock's The Trouble with Harry. It has an incredibly strong visual language supported by the props, sets & costumes. Art Department: In order to attain the visual aesthetic that will fully immerse the audience in the strange and odd world of Little Emily, $6,000 is needed to build sets, fill the custom sets with props, and to design and create the many costumes this film requires. The set that requires a great deal of attention is the Wally home. Within this extravagant house alone there are over 6 rooms we must build from scratch. By building so many sets inside of a studio setting we have better control over lighting, camera operations, and sound quality. A portion of this $6000 will allow our costume designer to have the materials necessary to clothe our main cast in custom designs inspired by the most influential eras of fashion including everything from the roaring 20's to the mod 60's. Locations: Even though we will be building and constructing most of our sets, we also need $2,000 to rent real locations to film the smaller scenes that would otherwise be too expensive to construct ourselves. Some of these locations include a coffee shop, library, park, and cemetery.Equipment Rental: To cut down on cost we are renting a majority of the camera and lighting equipment from the Biola University's equipment room. Even though we have great resources available to us there, a production this large requires our crew to go to outside rental companies to rent all of the equipment necessary.Catering: The key to making a great film is to have a happy cast and crew, in other words we must make their tummies smile with great craft services. We need $500 to feed our cast and crew multiple meals on each day of shooting so that everyone may preform to their upmost ability.Post-Production: When we are done with production in March, we immediately begin the post-production process which includes editing, sound mixing, color grading, and special effects work so that the film may reach completion. After completed, we are submitting Little Emily to many film festivals across the nation. In order to accomplish this we need $500 for things like hard drives, audio equipment rentals and festival submission fees. https://www.facebook.com/littleemilymoviehttps://twitter.com/EmilyWallyhttp://instagram.com/littleemilymoviehttp://littleemilymovie.tumblr.com Risks and challenges Our project's major challenge lies in finding and securing the right locations. We have over twenty locations, which is quite a lot for a 25 minute short film! Some, like the Wally Family Dining Room, require opulent decoration, while others, like the City Park scene, require little more than a permit and a bench for our actors to sit on. It's the sheer number of locations that boosts this project's complexity to a whole new level. As an LA-based production, it has already proven a challenge to find locations within our budget in our desired area (the Thirty Mile Zone). It's an expensive city to make independent films in, but our dedicated Locations team is working tirelessly to make sure we have the locations we need by the time we go into production. As a team we realize how ambitious of a project we are undertaking, but we're all dedicated, determined, and ready to problem solve our way through every situation of need. We appreciate any and all support we receive from you, our donors, because it's through your support that we will be able to attain the vision we strive for. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter