Hello! We are The Copper Street Brass Quintet from Minneapolis, Minnesota, and thanks for visiting our Kickstarter page. We’re in the middle of recording an album of brand-new arrangements of some amazing classical music, and we need YOUR help. Check out our video above, read about our project below, and become a “backer!” And thanks in advance for all your support! THE PROJECT:This CD is the third full-length album for The Copper Street Brass Quintet. Our first album is ‘The Evolution of the Brass Quintet’ (rock, pop, and jazz), and our second is ‘Christmas on Copper Street’ (holiday tunes), so this CD will represent the ‘classical’ side of The CSBQ. The music on the disc features brand-new brass arrangements of some of our favorite classical tunes that we love to play. All of the arrangements have been done in-house; by us, for us! Some of the music has been created just for this CD, and some of it we’ve been performing for a number of years now. The tunes range from opera arias to orchestral pieces to piano solos, and we’re super excited about it!Here’s a track listing of the tunes on the record:1. Wagner: Overture to “Die Meistersinger”2. Dvorak: “Song to the Moon” aria from Rusalka (featuring Allison Hall, trumpet)3. Gounod: “Je Veux Vivre” aria from Romeo et Juliet (featuring Alex Wolff, trombone)4. Mozart: “Queen of the Night” aria from The Magic Flute (featuring Nick Adragna, tuba)5.-14. Brahms: Variations on a Theme by Joseph Haydn5. Theme6. Variation I7. Variation II8. Variation III9. Variation IV10. Variation V11. Variation VI12. Variation VII13. Variation VIII14. Finale 15. Debussy: Reverie16. Debussy: “Bruyeres” from Preludes II17. Faure: Au bord de l’eau (featuring Tim Bradley, horn)18. Schumann: “Traumerei” from Kinderszenen19. Schumann: “Aufschwung” from FantasiestuckeWe need your help to make this CD a success. As you can see from the video, we’re in the middle of recording the music, but there’s a lot more that goes on after the music is “in the can.” We need your help so we’re able to: finish the recording sessions, edit and master the music, produce the artwork and liner notes for the packaging, and finally send the finished product to the printers to produce and replicate the albums.WHAT WE NEED:We thought it would be a good idea to list the costs of making the CD in terms of both dollars and time, so you can see how the entire process breaks down. It all adds up, but with your help we can make it happen!Funds Needed for CDStudio recording: $765Editing: $5,100Final mixing and mastering: $400Album production, printing, and CD replication: $1,200Time Needed for CDMusic arranging, preparation, and printing: 80 hoursMusic score study: 72 hoursRehearsal: 114 hoursRecording: 9 hoursEditing: 60 hoursMixing and mastering: 4 hoursPackaging artwork design: 10 hoursPrinting and distribution time: 2 monthsHOW DOES KICKSTARTER WORK?You can pledge any amount you like, and you’ll receive awesome thank-yous for it! Our gifts to you for your donations are listed off to the side. Pledges are done through Amazon.com Payments, and all transactions are 100% secure. Only at the end of our campaign will your card be charged.It’s an all-or-nothing system, though...in other words, if we don’t reach our total goal, we won’t get ANY money! So individual backers will rely on other backers to help make this project a success. Any help is greatly appreciated - in any amount! And if you can’t chip in right now, please spread the word. We really want to share this music with you!Everything you need to know (and more!) is here: http://www.kickstarter.com/helpAnd if you’d like to know more about us, check us out online: http://www.csbq.orgTHANK YOU!-The CSBQABOUT THE CSBQ:The Copper Street Brass Quintet of Minneapolis, Minnesota represents the evolution of the brass quintet. The CSBQ is a full-time 501(c)3 non-profit arts organization whose mission is to use youthful perspective and unique repertoire to engage communities, educate students, and enhance the lives of the many.Born in Albuquerque, New Mexico in 2007, The Copper Street Brass Quintet set up shop in Minneapolis, Minnesota in 2008 where, through their inventive concerts, engaging classroom programs, and a host of original arrangements, they’ve transcended the brass quintet box and evolved into something fresh. As devoted performers and educators, the quintet spends much of its time performing for audiences of all ages, from the most intimate of concert series performances to gymnasiums full of elementary kids to outdoor large-stage festivals. The members of The CSBQ enjoy dedicating their energy and passion with young musicians and music teachers across the midwest, and the quintet enjoys varied educational outreach programs including performances of new student compositions, providing free music lessons to at-risk youth in inner-city Minneapolis, coaching student brass quintets, and performing their own arrangements of music for brass quintet and wind ensemble with school bands. The group has recorded two full-length albums and has been featured on Minnesota Public Radio, KARE 11 News, Montana Today, and concert series at The Schubert Club, MacPhail Center for Music, Luther College, St. Olaf College, and VocalEssence. If you’re interested in learning more about The CSBQ, about the project, or where we’re performing next, check us out online at www.csbq.org.