What is ZetVet?An idea for a website to provide pet owners the capability to find vets based on location, pet insurance, etc. Pet owners will be able to create accounts free of charge, find vets, book, manage appointments and write reviews. As we gather feedback, we will also introduce many pet owner specific features. One example might be a section for mobile vets. Another may be something like a traffic monitor for animal walk in clinics.Vets and animal clinics will be able to create accounts as providers free of charge during the beta period which will be approximately 6 months. Upon expiration of the beta period - providers will pay a monthly or annual subscription fee. This model is based on popular medical websites for patients and doctors.What Will the Funds be Used for if Granted?We will put together a team of the best professionals to create a super slick, user friendly, beautiful and aesthetic website. Funding will go to the following: Design and User Experience. Web development. Web server hosting. Media hosting. Business formation. Accounting and legal consultation. Marketing. User acquisition will be the largest expense. It will be crucial to acquire provider users and pet owner users. The ProjectAs a senior level web developer with a decade of experience, I will be putting together a team to move on this project in a timely manner. Since the idea is public, it will be crucial to launch ASAP. I will ensure we utilize high quality graphic designers, as well as the latest and greatest technologies in web development. Involving professionals who know what they're doing will be key to success.A Facebook page will be created to provide the latest updates on the project.The TimelineI would expect design and development to take 3-4 months followed by a beta launch. The beta phase should encompass 6 months.Post LaunchThis will be the most crucial period. The majority of raised funds would be for user acquisition costs. We will target audiences utilizing social media campaigns, and direct sales. We'll utilize all measures to make direct contact with vets and animal clinics to explain the benefits of this platform and to offer a free trial period - the beta period. After the beta period new providers will always have a 1 month free trial.TechnologiesThe website will be built using Node.js, Redis, MongoDB on the server side.It will be a responsive site potentially using AngularJS (or React, or Backbone), and one of the most popular SCSS libraries (probably SASS).Eventually, assuming the project is a success - we will build cross-platform mobile apps utilizing a framework such as Ionic.More About The ProjectAs mentioned in the the video - the website will be similar to ZocDoc, but for pet owners and Vets. It's a successful model which provides an excellent service. It's very user friendly, and that will be a focus of this project - if it takes off.First, I'd meet with designers and explain my goals. I'd provide some rough wireframes, and find out what they would get rid of and add. I'd then draft up the final wireframes and from there move into the design phase. Once the design is complete - we'd kick off development. I'll probably architect the core of the website and piece out the rest to other senior level developers/teams... this way we can launch in a timely manner.The scope of the project will be to develop a responsive website that performs well on various devices and is aesthetically pleasing in design.Below is my rough idea of the home page. It's by no means a final layout - but you can see the direction. 1st Home Page Wireframe 1st Home Page Wireframe - Mobile More About MeI'm a senior level web developer and software engineer immersed in the NYC digital space. I went to school for art which somehow led to web development. I've been a web developer for the past decade and have introduced software development to my background within the last couple years. I specialize in front end and mobile web development, but I've also done a lot of work with back end and databases. NYC I've written code for dozens of both large and small companies. I've built a couple apps including an iPhone app for finances, and a Google Glass app to track memories. I'm the creator and sole developer of NYCG: www.nyc.galleryFeel free to see more of my background on LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/adamhenson1979Progress and Related InfoStay up to date on the progress and related info on ZetVet's new Facebook page! www.facebook.com/zetvetforyourpet Risks and challenges User acquisition will pose the largest challenge. We can tackle this with a solid strategy and a good budget to invest a high effort into. Social media marketing will be the first initiative in customer acquisition, since it requires little to no capital. After this we will engage in direct sales with vets and animal clinics. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter