Hi, I’m Georgia. I’ve been a TV producer on top rating shows and have also worked at one of Australia’s largest charities. But by far the hardest job I ever had was helping my mum care for my terminally ill dad. Caring Canary evolved because I realised how important caring for people is, and how it’s so easily overlooked in today’s busy, stressed-out society. When I found out my dad was sick, I quit my all-consuming TV job and did whatever I could to bring a ray of sunshine to him (and my devoted mum) each and every day. Caring Canary is my way of bringing more care and happiness into the world. I want to make it easy for everyone to show those around them that they care. Caring Canary understands that flowers or a generic box of chocolates aren’t always the most appropriate gift, yet there is no alternative currently on the Australian market. Caring Canary solves this problem by carefully curating bespoke care packages that can be ordered and customised online in just a few minutes. Target demographic are time-poor professionals, male and female, 20s - 40s. They are too busy to go out and carefully select all the products themselves, so Caring Canary has done it for them. My research has also found an interest from the 55 plus age group also. Just think, we don’t remember every bunch of flowers we ever received, but it’s those specially thought out, unique gifts that are engrained with us forever.Caring Canary care packages are a smart business choice for suppliers and brands to be involved in. Having their product feature in a care package will extend their reach. They have the possibility to tap into a whole new market, and to have their product associated with a happy moment in someone's life, therefore enabling them to create a new tribe of loyal customers.I will have a 4 week testing period to see what packages sell, what price points people go for, and to test delivery options. Risks and challenges I am expecting and prepared for obstacles. I am a resilient person by nature and also due to my background, so problems don't paralyse me, they just made me work a little harder. I am getting samples of all my products before I include them in the packages. I have market tested everything from the name to the logo to the potential price points, so I have a good gauge of what the customer wants already. Social media is brilliant for tapping into consumers and seeing what they want before the product even exists! I have a scalable model as I am not hand making anything, i am sourcing packaged and completed products that will go into the care package. I have done thorough research on my suppliers and have met most face to face. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter