Ok let's try this again. In the year 199X a rogue game designer was developing a game for an unknown platform. It was the dawn of 3D game consoles and the technology was ripe for bold new ideas. Unfortunately the designer mysteriously disappeared shortly before the game was brought to a publisher and the only thing they could find was a ravaged copy of the design document covered in blood...It is now the future and we have smartphones and the ability to charge for public bathrooms in America. By pure chance I have come across the cursed document and now I will finish the work started by the rogue designer who disappeared many years ago.Enter Ritual Dementia!In a world that could very well be our own live the peaceful and carefree tribes of creatures known as Paglins. You are randomly born into this world as one of these Paglins after their world has been taken over after the arrival of the Lord Behind the Door. Now hunted as slaves and for their souls you'll break out of their ritual prison and escape to the world you once called home. You know your journey will take many years, perhaps you will not survive long enough to see it but your children may one day see this world set free and bring an end to the Dark Lord's reign. A lo-rez graphical adventure to protect your eyes from the graphic nature of this game for Linux, Windows, and Mac! Explore the dangerous plains, carnivorous forests, and what I think looks like a castle.Once you escape the first dungeon, you'll be set loose in a large post-apocalyptic world with the ability to go in any direction and towards any town, dungeon, or field you desire. No cut scenes or narrative roadblocks to stop you from exploring to your hearts content. Your goal is to defeat the Lord Behind the Door, and whether end up exploring all or some of the world it's all about building your personal experience. These monsters don't care about your precious trophies or achievements. Once your Paglin dies it's not coming back!The monsters in these game are ready to put a fight, and they aren't going to be playing fair. Some can be taken out with brute force but others will require more intelligent methods to take down such as setting up traps, or leading them towards other monsters that hate them more than they hate you and if all else fails, RUN! Every step must be carefully planned as your resources are limited, and one slip up could cost you a well leveled character. As you start to become attached with your character any hint of danger will get your blood pumping and you'll start caring about their lives as much as you should be caring about yours! Creative solutions for everyday problems, lost a limb? Build a prosthetic one! Poision causing you problems? Create an anti venom using your blood!Poisons, diseases, and infections may be common ailment tropes that you can simply fix by drinking some magic panacea elsewhere, but in this world one cannot simply hope to cure all that ails them by drinking a measly little tonic. Here you have to work with what you got, sometimes it's better to amputate an arm to prevent zombification, and a little poison in your blood may actually work well against any foolish monster that decides to take a bite out you. Once you start to get really good you can take any problem and turn it around for the better. Creating antidotes and curing yourself often will lead you to become skilled in toxicology, and once you get better at sticking sticks into your body where your arms used to be you'll be able to craft more than just prosthetic parts. Every cloud has a silver lining. Progress and empower using the Family Tree System. Create a caring and loving family to brave the cold dark world. Using the power of love you can also seduce demons opening up new genetic possibilities for your offspring.No one lives forever, and in a game world as gruesome as this why should it be any different? Once you're character starts getting past their golden years they might find Death knocking at their door (no literally, once your character gets too old Death will appear and try to take you with it). For those who can't beat the inevitable (and I'll definitely give you a fighting chance) it's important to create a large loving family that you can fall back on and help you get out of whatever hole you fell into (again, literally). In this world everyone is an eligible bachelor and a possible lifelong mate. For the extra sexy you may just manage to woo that one monster you've your eyes on since the moment you saw them shamble up and down the walls of the demon lord's palace. Who knows your charm alone may be enough to win over the hearts of the entire demon army. Bringing the world back to normal is more than just slicing and dicing through demon flesh. Create safe zones to attract wildlife, and build an ecosystem.There's been a lot of talk about this world being a dark, dangerous, and hostile place. For those who believe in brighter days you can start zoning areas back to life. If you find that all the friends and family you've developed along your journey too much for you to manage you could develop safe zones where you could leave them and not worry about heads rolling whenever you encounter the next harrowing dungeon. If you're lucky enough you may even find rare plants or animals attracted to your safe zones and even receive rare visits from friendly creatures that will leave gifts as thanks for making a safe place rest. Just make sure you check in often or fortify your zones because you never know when a demon raid might tear up any passing safe zones with precious friends and family in it. After all, we can't let this game get too easy. Preform rituals using a combination of items and dances to access the dark magic of Ritual Dementia and behold its reality altering properties. Just be careful because anything could happen!You won't find wizard beards roaming the planes zapping everything with wands and magic, this game has something cooler and much much more dangerous. With rituals you get access to potential godmode enabling powers. Picking up a combination of dances and seances coupled with any items that you would like offer up will let you perform rituals that could summon weather elements or plagues, healing auras or damning auras, guardian deities or just loads of enemies. By exploring the world you'll discover lore that can teach you how to perform these rituals, but you're always free to discover these rituals on your own through experimentation. Just be careful though, because that's how the Lord Behind the Door got summoned in the first place, and if you're really unlucky you just might summon something much much much worse. Objective: Survive! Hunt for food, make sure your properly hydrated, and keep your sanity high lest you want to become another victim.If you're still not convinced of this world's hostility then you're in for a treat. Standing still is a luxury that you can't afford. You might yourself in the middle of a desert without anything to drink, or that your last meal was 3 days ago and all you have to eat is rotten meat from poisonous serpents that you burnt trying to cook on a rusty blade filled with maggots and is now growing fungus (why are you even carrying this!?). You may not realize it but you may discover that your character has started to become a bit crazy, that could explain why you're seeing the ghosts of your dead relatives. Just make sure you don't over exert yourself or could end up passing out due to fatigue. Preparation is key and resource management is the name of the game. Raise your kin, take them exploring or hunting and build a better future for Paglinkind! Once your character passes your offspring will inherit the player's soul (That's you!)Raising a family has many perks, but perhaps none more precious than raising a child in a world that would like nothing than to have him for lunch. Your little one is a fighter though, and pretty soon they'll start to pick up on your skills quickly and bravely fight alongside you. As you grow and nurture them they'll soon outperform you and become an upstanding member of society. Pretty soon they'll be able to venture off on their own (bad idea), or take the mantle as head of the family. Whether through your choice or some freak accident, you'll assume control of one of your successors (just pick your favorite one, that should be easy right?). With your generous backing you will help fund the hamster wheel powering my tools, as well as deal with licensing fees and developer compensation. If funded I will be able to set up a 40-hour work ethic to power through my planned development cycle, and investing in some cheap test hardware to make sure it works across all proposed platforms would help as well.I made sure to make the goal as realistic as possible while still allowing for some leg room so I don't run out of funding in case of any problems with hardware malfunction, software licensing, or problems fulfilling rewards, as well as investing in adequate external storage for source control because the last thing I need is a single hard drive fizzing out and losing months worth of progress.I would like to get this game out by October, but in order to account for user backed content (custom monsters, items, and quests). Since each one will be handled on a case by case basis the game could theoretically take longer to develop. My hard deadline will be March 2014 and any custom content from backers that I don't implement by that time for the initial release will be added over the course of the next several months as free DLC. I'm going to keep working on my project leading up to this Kickstarter's deadline. If this project is successful and I am funded immediately all work will go towards getting this project online the next few months to allow the public to view my progress. I will also create a forum to allow premium backers to provide feedback and get the first drop on alphas, betas, and zetas to tickle their fancies with programmer art.If I go over my goal then all extra funds will go towards supercharging development. This includes adding extra content, features, and added publishing platforms for mobile devices like Android, and iOS. If I am funded even further then I can get developer certifications to publish on consoles like the Playstation 720, Xbox Vista, and Wii U2. Further still if I have reached maximum amounts of funding I can set up server space to allow for online (with the option of offline) multiplayer. If my project has achieved maximum funding beyond comprehension I will build a rocket ship to fly to Mars and open a Ritual Dementia Theme Park. I will create a more detailed tier list when the time comes.*Please note that some extra features that would be added through excess funding may add to development time, or be released at a certain point after the initial PC release. I will let you know beforehand what features would affect the development cycle .Supporters of this project will be rewarded with various forms of loot for their troubles. Backers who pledge a higher tiered reward will automatically receive everything below it. (Let's say you get the $45, you will also get the $20, the $15, and $5 dollar reward as a result.)$5 - The Thank YouYou're pledge is much appreciated, your name (or any other title) will appear in the credits forever ingrained in the code of a madman.$10 - The CaregiverYou will be guaranteed a digital download of the game upon its release. If the game gets Greenlit on Steam you will have the choice of receiving it on the Steam platform.$15 - The RebellionYou will be able to choose any one character from the game including the one you make if you choose the $60 reward, as a papercraft deskmate on premium cardstock. Make him, display him, break him, but don't trash him (recycle please).$20 - The WatcherI will be publicly posting process of my game's development, but if playing development builds and getting the lowdown on top secret information is your thing then this is for you! Provide feedback and discover secrets that you might not find anywhere else. Who knows you may just find something related to yourself somewhere in the game... $45 - The MonarchGet the one (and maybe only!) hardcopy edition of the game. Add it to your collection, place it on your bookshelf, make it the centerpiece of your dinner table, you just can't beat owning a physical version of a game that's yours and yours alone. You game will include: The Disc with perhaps the most important thing in entire set, the game. Something to put your disc inside because that's always nice. A neato little 12-page survival guide filled with the knowledge to survive this games harshest trials within arm's reach. A shirt so you don't need go shopping for clothes and spend your time doing more important things like playing video games. A card containing a digital download code of the game to keep or give to someone special <3. $60 - The LorecrafterDavid wants to share his fears with the world.David wants to share his fears with the world.Add your demonic creation to the world of Ritual Dementia! We'll work together to bring your idea to life! Using any form of media or written word you'll describe your devilish ideas and I'll transform it into a digital abomination that will be terrorizing Paglins in no time! Be as descriptive as your want or as vague as you want and let me fill in the rest for you. What's it look like? What does it act like? What kind of attacks does have? What are it's fears and ambitions? You decide. $90 - The BlacksmithExpanding on the create-a-demon reward this one will allow you to create a set of 4 items to flail around to your heart's content (just as long as they're not godmode enabling...) Nothing out of the ordinary here... Not cool man! $100 - The CartographerYou'll receive a special cloth map that spans the entire overworld. It'll also reveal some special secret areas and lost treasures that can only be discovered by the map. Not the actual map wiseguy... $150 - The ToymanGet a collection of 1-inch sandstone figures of all the default Paglin races. That's 8 miniatures for you to enjoy. Poses and designs are not final $250 - The LorebringerFor the game designer in everyone. You'll have access to all the in-game assets to twist and mangle into your own Shakespearean creation. We'll work together on making a quest that you can make as easy or as convoluted as you wish (I hope that you don't). Decide the direction and content of the quest's plot, setup enemy placement, and help create the user experience. $320 - The PatriarchAdding more to the hardcopy edition you'll receive some extra goodies such as: A Signed 20x28 Poster! just don't use it to forge my signature please... The Patriach Edition of the artbook Ritual Dementia: Scribbles of a Madman. This signed and numbered art book contains enough concept art, wireframes, and behind the scenes goodies to make a game blush. This edition will also contain additional additional pages and extra artwork to make it worthy of a special edition. The digital soundtrack to jam out to some tribal beats, ambient soundscapes, and some terrifying tunes that would make for a perfect haunted house cd. Poster and artbook cover designs are not final. $400 - The FramerFor poster fans out there. You'll receive a massive 40x60 inch film sized poster printed on high quality semi-gloss paper. Poster design is not final and will different from all other posters. $700 - The LoremasterThis is the closest you will come to being part of the development team (You will be credited as such). On top of creating your own quest, I'll create custom content just for your quest! I'll create a special level/zone just for your quest to take place in, I'll even make a boss monster and treasure that can only be acquired from your quest! $1000 - THE ELEMER STONEIf you remember the days of solving puzzles with decoder rings then this is for you. You'll receive a small Paglin Idol which contains all you need to solve the greatest mystery in Ritual Dementia, The Secret of the Elemer Stone. A stone so powerful and so mysterious that it was hidden away centuries ago. Using the Paglin Idol you'll embark on a quest to uncover the mystery behind the Elemer Stone, and solve puzzles that can only be decoded with the idol. In the end once you complete this special quest you'll receive a physical stone with a code that will also unlock it in the game!Note to International Backers: I don't know if there's any rules or regulations against sending metals/steel/silver to your country. Maybe this isn't important, but I just want to make sure you know this. Need more characters to crumble? Need another shirt after you set the last one on fire? Since the reward tiers stack maybe you just want the poster without necessarily getting everything else above it.These addons will let you fill in any holes the darkness may have left in your heart. Pick the reward that you want and just addon whatever extra amount you want above the reward's value. I'll send you a questionnaire at the end of the Kickstarter to tally up whatever extra items you want. If you don't want any reward but you still want addons you can do that as well just pledge whatever the total price of the addons you want is and chose no reward. +$5 The SpawnerAdd another papercraft character, you can pick from any characters that end up in the game including the custom demons made from the $60 reward. Design and foldout not final +$10 The TailorAn extra shirt, each one you addon can be a different size. Shirt design not final +$10 The EnablerAnother download code for whatever devious purposes you have in mind. +$20 - The AdmirerWant an 20x28 extra poster? Want to cover your entire home in posters!? I think we need to talk... +$60 - The Scribe This nifty artbook comes with all sorts of pretty pictures and nonsensical chants. It's not exactly a Necronomicon but worthy of a cult following nonetheless. Credits for the sounds in the video go to these cool people and are licensed under Creative Commons Attribution."Glitched Clock" by Puniho (Remixed from NineChimes by DaveinCamas)"Melancholy 1" by Argitoth"Col Monster Upsweep" by SandyrbIndustrial Music Box by Kevin MacleodIndustrial Revolution by Kevin Macleod Risks and challenges There's a very grim possibility that the Dark Lord Behind the Door could break out into the real world and enslave us with his demon army. The rest of our problems are minor in comparison. I have all the necessary tools and skills to complete the game, I know my strengths and boundaries better than anyone else and have planned my game accordingly. I cut out as much fat as I could in order to allow creative expansion during development. Each feature and mechanic has been ranked from core to pure aesthetics on a scale of importance and my most important tool will be the feedback from my audience and backers. There may come a time when a feature simply cannot fit into the grand scheme of things and I will let you know my trials and tribulations as well as direct you to any outlets where you can successfully hurl insults about my mother and preferences. I will do my absolute best to keep you posted as often as I can in order to quell any fears you may have and let you know where I am every step of the way. Failure is not an option, we will succeed in defeating the demon army! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter