When looking for a home or an apartment, many people spend a lot of time and money traveling to various locations only to be disappointed. Although they have an ideal place in mind, most don’t know how to effectively communicate their idea of the appropriate place. As a result they spend a lot of time looking at places they don’t desire and become frustrated. The realtor, who works very hard to find the right place, also has to spend time, showing these places in hopes that their client(s) desire at least one. Many agents absorb the cost of transporting clients to these properties. However, if the client doesn’t communicate their ideal place perfectly, showing properties can get very costly and stressful.This new website intends to solve these problems by giving a better visual description and better search criteria than most of the real estate sights on the web. This website will allow the user to input a variety of criteria and the results of the search will be ranked by the accuracy in fulfilling the user's needs. I also added special visual features so the user can experience the 'look and feel' of the property. Our system will ensure accurate representation of properties so a consumer will have more information about the place before leaving their computer or smartphone. The results will be faster sales and satisfied clients. Win-Win!!!!!! The goal of this web site is to:1. Give sellers a better medium to visually showcase their property(s)2. Reduce times and costs of showing property(s)3. Shorten length of time that property(s) are on the market.4. Increase buyer satisfaction during showings.5. Provide buyers with a more accurate visual description of the property(s)6. Increase sales.7. Decrease buyer's search costsThe purpose of these funds is to:1. Design and develop the web site.2. Market services that our web site offers.3. Maintain an ever growing database of properties.4. Secure a space for our staff. Risks and challenges In any venture there will be some setbacks. I anticipate there may be issues with the accuracy of the advertised properties. My plan is to setup a customer service line to ensure that sellers are accurate in their description of their properties. Sellers will have to agree to our terms and conditions in order to start an account and any violation will result in suspension or termination of their account. Also part of my site will educate buyers about real estate with tips on how to secure the property(s) they seek and various scams that unscrupulous sellers use. Although my years of experience as buyer and seller of real estate gives me confidence about success of this web site, the site may not be helpful to some buyers and sellers. However, if our market research and 5+ years of service to thousands of clients is correct, this site will be a benefit to all parties. We will continuously improve our web site to suit our customer's needs. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter