Turn Your Pillow into a Smartpillow Chrona is a thin memory foam insert that tracks and optimizes sleep using sound. Chrona turns your pillow into a Smartpillow, bringing greater comfort and the benefits of emerging sleep research to your bed. Chrona actively enhances the quality of sleep by playing different frequency sounds specific to where you are in your sleep cycle. No matter how unique your sleep patterns are, Chrona will adjust to your needs for better sleep. We've designed Chrona to compliment your high-performance lifestyle; sleep better, without spending more time in bed. The Chrona system includes a comfortable memory foam sensor sheet that you put in your pillowcase and an accompanying mobile app. The Chrona System Wearable-free Sleep Tracking - Like Fitbit and other wearable trackers, Chrona tracks sleep based on movement. Instead of being attached to your wrist, Chrona is placed in your pillowcase where it measures the movements of your head and torso. Deep Sleep Boost - Chrona plays low-frequency sounds to help you sleep more deeply. Sounds in the delta-frequency range synchronize and enhance deep sleep, which ongoing studies show to have benefits for memory and cognition. Perfect Wake-Up - Chrona plays high-frequency sounds to help you enter a lighter state of sleep before your alarm plays in the morning. When you’re relaxed with your eyes closed, your brain expresses the highest activity in the alpha-frequency range (like during meditation). Perfect Wake-Up uses sound in the same frequency range to prepare your mind to wake up. Smart Alarm - Perfect Wake-Up works to get you into a lighter stage of sleep, then Chrona's built-in smart alarm chooses the best moment to wake you up with a gentle vibration. Smartphone Connectivity - Optimize your sleep at the tips of your fingers. Chrona is operated completely through your smartphone; set an alarm, play with sleep optimization settings, and check your sleep score. The Chrona Experience Be at your best from the moment you wake up, no matter how much (or little) sleep you're getting! What makes Chrona different from other sleep-trackers is that it actively improves the quality of your sleep. Deep Sleep Boost and Perfect Wake-up each use a different set of rhythmic beats to enhance specific phases of sleep. Whether you're heading into deep sleep, or about to wake up, Chrona works quietly to ensure that you wake up feeling great. Waking up to an alarm has never felt better Chrona's smart alarm uses a vibrating coin that wakes each person up individually using gentle vibrations. For couples that share a bed, this means you can wake up without disturbing your partner! Chrona's smart alarm is paired with pressure sensors that let it know when you get up. That means no need to turn off the alarm manually, and no worries about the alarm going off if you woke up earlier than usual. For the nights when you've rolled off your pillow, Chrona will use the app's back up auditory alarm. Goodbye old-school alarm clocks! You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Let Chrona Do the Work for You With Chrona, you can sleep better without having to change your bedtime routine. Simply insert Chrona into your pillowcase and sleep as usual. Set an alarm using the Chrona app for a refreshing morning with Perfect Wake-Up and Chrona’s gentle vibrating alarm. While you sleep, Chrona tracks and analyses your sleep patterns. When Chrona detects you're entering deep sleep, Deep Sleep Boost automatically begins to play, easing you into a deeper, more restorative sleep. Why Chrona? We at Ultradia want to sleep better so that we can accomplish more. We understand that people have busy lives and sometimes can't afford a full night's sleep, so we found a solution that compliments unique lifestyles. Our promise to you is that everything we do with Chrona will come from the latest sleep research, and that your experience with Chrona will always be the first and last thing we think about every day at Ultradia. With the help of our partners, we are fully confident that we will be able to bring you the most advanced sleep research and best product experience: Be at your best from the moment you wake up, no matter how much (or little) sleep you're getting!What makes Chrona different from other sleep-trackers is that it actively improves the quality of your sleep. Deep Sleep Boost and Perfect Wake-up each use a different set of rhythmic beats to enhance specific phases of sleep. Whether you're heading into deep sleep, or about to wake up, Chrona works quietly to ensure that you wake up feeling great. Stretch Goals! Rechargeable Batteries (UNLOCKED!): Every Chrona will now come with a rechargeable battery! You can save your AA batteries for your TV remote or your next great battery sculpture. The Chrona charger will accept standard US and EU voltages (100V-240V 50/60Hz) A Power Nap (UNLOCKED!) feature for Chrona gives you an easy way to take a break. Click a button on the Chrona app, lay down on your pillow, and enjoy a light nap. No need to set an alarm. No need to worry about falling into deep sleep. The perfect nap. We're partnering up with QuantiModo (quantimo.do) to give you insights to help you sleep even better. QuantiModo builds correlations with your other trackers and apps to help you discover the hidden variables that influence your quality of sleep. Here are some examples of what QuantiModo can do for you: If you use a fitness tracker, QuantiModo can tell you that you sleep better on days when you do a short afternoon jog, or that you sleep worse when you don't take at least 8000 steps during the day. If you track your diet, QuantiModo can tell you that you sleep better after eating cherries, or that you toss and turn more when you eat more than 1 serving of red meat for dinner. The correlations also work the other way around: If you use Lumosity, QuantiModo can tell you that when you get a good night's sleep, you perform 10% better on memory games. IFTTT stands for "IF This Then That". IF an event happens on your Chrona (This), Then it will trigger an action (That) on a different channel or device. IFTTT allows Chrona to communicate with and command your other smart devices! Here are some examples of what you can do with an IFTTT-integrated Chrona: If you lie down on your Chrona, then trigger all your smart-lights or -speakers to turn off. If you fall asleep, then trigger your Nest Thermostat to adjust the room temperature to a cooler temperature. If Chrona's smart alarm is activated, then trigger your WeMo Switch to turn on your coffee maker. For more ideas on what you can do with IFTTT, visit https://ifttt.com/channels. Rewards Timeline Technical Specification The Team Thank you from Team Ultradia! We hope you'll join us in our mission to sleep smarter! Visit us and our collaborators at: www.ultradia.co/about Follow us on Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook! Risks and challenges Chrona’s acoustic sleep optimization is derived from an emerging branch of sleep research. Our implementation of the technique has been validated by ongoing studies, but there are still questions to be answered on how and why the technique works. Thus, we are proceeding cautiously and limiting Chrona’s sleep optimization to the phases of sleep that have seen more research in this area. At the same time, we are pushing forward with the resources available to us to contribute to the existing literature, for better understanding of sleep and native methods of improving sleep. Ultradia is an ambitious and capable team, but we are also a young team. For this reason, we have partnered with seasoned sleep researchers and product development experts, each with 20+ years of experience in their respective fields. With their guidance and our diligence in execution, we will move forward with product optimization and manufacturing in a timely manner, as we have done with prototyping and pilot trials. Making a device for the pillow means making a commitment to safety and quality. While our philosophy is focused around bringing advancing sleep research and product development expertise into Chrona, we will optimize, test, and retest Chrona’s hardware exhaustively to ensure we have truly tried the Chrona system before sharing it with our customers. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter