Say hello to CRUZ, a new transportation network company (TNC), designed by and created for Drivers. CRUZ will never take more than 5% from every fare, plus CRUZ offers many additional features and incentives. As former drivers, we have been exposed to the poor business ethics of transportation network companies, you know who they are and we can’t say their names (U&L). We have been involved in a number of forum chats and we've seen enough. We've seen how the current TNC companies have grown into big greedy businesses, who keep taking more and more from its drivers without listening to their needs. We believe in greater income distribution and are tired of millions of dollars collecting dust in the bank accounts of a few senior executives. The economy needs more money in circulation for it to once again thrive! Enough and enough! We have joined forces and we are ready to take action by starting our own TNC. We've lined up a team of app writing contractors, who are ready to write the CRUZ app. A $10 donation will get you 20 100%'ers.. Which means you get to take 100% of the fares for 20 trips! Additional CRUZ app features consists of: • Destination Filter - At the end of your driving shift, you will only be connected with passengers going in your desired direction. • Tip Option - Why not? Let's add it on there for exceptional service, friendly conversations, clean vehicles, and good vibes. • Purchase Option – Welcome to “Trip-n-Treats!” where passengers can purchase items directly in your car (snacks, soda, gum, etc). Simply tap on the item you are carrying and how you much you want for it, and each passenger will be able to purchase it right away, by tapping on their app. Plus, you get 100% of all sales! We also offer: • Lower Rates – We will NEVER take more than 5% from each fare... ever. • Loyalty Program - We take less the longer you drive for us! (Still in Planning) • Better Referral Incentives - For every driver you refer, we will give you an additional 10 100%’ers, which means you get 100% of the fares. • Transparency - We will ALWAYS be open and honest about what we doing, projects we are working on, and changes on the horizon. • Partner programs - As CRUZ expands, we will search high n low for auto care business who are willing to provide special discounts for our drivers. Giving you better deals on tires, maintenance, gas, and other services your car requires. In addition to the development of app, heavy advertising is required. As of now, we want to launch in Los Angeles and Orange Counties, CA on Jan 2017, but our plan is to expand nationwide! Our rates for riders will be:$2/base$1.15/mile$.20/minThis gives plenty of space to properly plan, develop, and test the app on the market. Join our fight against big businesses. Sincerely, The Cruz Team! Risks and challenges These type of apps and the marketing involved can get quite expensive. We have reached a point where we require your help Learn about accountability on Kickstarter