Girl's Blood a 20 minute short film, tells the story of a young woman, who after being severely bullied throughout high school, looks to let go of the past through questionable methods.Who We AreWe are a cast and crew of ambitious, hardworking young filmmakers, who currently attend or have graduated from film school. Girl's Blood is an independent project that we are creating outside of school. We have a group of very talented people, and truly believe in the message of this production. This is why we have come to Kickstarter, to ask for help, so we can get this film out to a much larger audience. Our goal, as a whole, is to establish ourselves as independent filmmakers, seeing as this is our dream after all.Cast:Margot Puff - Allie Kunkler Alison - Rachel Berg Dan - Matt Pratt Diane - Anna Rivers Miss Collum - Abigail Phelps Why We Need Your Help This is an independently produced project, which means we don't have help from the school, a production company, or fancy producers, which can be a bit scary, but also exhilarating. This is us, with your help, taking steps towards our dream. We have a very clear vision for Girl's Blood. Our budget is $4,000 and will be used for the following: - Equipment - Costumes - Props - Festival Submissions- Transportation- Overall, bringing you the best film possible!Get Splattered In BloodWe are going to use every social networking platform we can to keep you lovely people up to date with everything that is going on with the film. We have an on set photographer for the shoot, so everyone will get to see how hard we are working. We want you there with us every step of the way, so we will give you everything we can about GIRL'S BLOOD.FacebookTumblrDirector's WebsiteLocation Photos We were able to lock down another great location: Color Palette For The Film Risks and challenges We are a cast and crew of young, ambitious, hardworking people. Yes, most of us or still in school, or recently graduated, but we are ready to give everything we have to this film. We believe in the subject matter, and the idea of shedding light on bullying, and how this occurs everyday throughout schools across the globe. Problems that could arise: - There is some violence in the script, so we will need to work with a fight choreographer, which I have never worked with before. We do have someone in mind, and he has worked on a good deal of films. - If we don't raise this money from kickstarter, we will not be able to shoot this film. - As always with a student independent film, we have to get enough people on board to come out and work everyday without getting paid. Lucky enough we know a good deal of dedicated people that we have worked with before. So, we hope to get them all out again. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter