Have you have ever been a student, wanted to succeed but your budget was slowing you down? Then you can imagine the position we are in.At uni24x7 we believe that education is the key. The issue is that only a good one can open the doors to a better future. After finishing their studies many graduates soon realize that getting a degree from a traditional university is not always the right path to achieving their dreams. Why? You name it: high fees, trouble covering all the expenses, outdated curriculum and the list goes on.Uni24x7 aims to help overcome these problems by providing students with a platform which allows them to learn the skills they need in a time they have. We give our students a chance to improve their practical skills, give them guidance about how to lead their life and also broaden their horizon about various social trends and issues. We cover a broad range of topics including such as entrepreneurship, personal development or fitness.We want to be democratic and make the access to our courses possible for as many students as we can. That's why we need your help. Currently we offer both paid and unpaid courses. The free education we offer is financed from student fees and advertising. Unfortunately, these methods do not always raise enough money for all our expenses.If you decide to contribute you can help us not only to cover that gap in budget but also finance our new marketing plan which is designed to generate us a more stable income. We could also hire more staff and improve the platform by offering more courses.Thank your for taking time to read about our cause. We are more than grateful for any sum you could spare to help you keep going. Also, if your friends are also fans of flexible online education feel free to share the news about this campaign via social media.Thank you and have a nice day. Yours, Team at Uni24x7 Risks and challenges The project is still in progress. Funding will help us to finance our new marketing plan and also help us to hire more staff and improve the platform by offering more free courses. There is no any risk and challenge that come with completing the project. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter