LAP TOP TABLET CELL PHONE USB PORT INTERFACE USB PORT INTERFACE LENS HEAD Extend A Lens Selfie Stick The fasination with selfportraits have been around since perhaps man could draw images on stone. Not long after, the creation of painting portraits might have come to be, followed by the invention of photo camera. The camera has long been one of the most popular ways of imortalizing periods of time. Through out the years, cameras have evolved tremendously. Today, it's no surprize that cameras are every where. One of the most common uses of the camera, wouldn't you know it, one of the biggest unions since peanut butter and jelly, the cell phone, and not is it only exclusive to cell phones, it can be found in just about any deivce which is designed with electric components. and with the use of cameras in personal devices today, people are even more obssesed with taking pictures of themselves more than ever. Lets face it, ever since the invention of the camera phone, taking pictures of one's self has taken a life of it's own. It has created its own name "Selfie"Taking a selfie has become a phenomenon. People can take photos of themselves simply by extending their cell phone a couple of feet in front of them and snap away. Taking a selfie was just that easy. No assistance needed. Then came the group selfies which became most popular after the famous group selfie takin of Ellen Degeneres and a few of her celebrity friends at the Oscars. Now group selfies began to emerge around the world but not so easy to take, a bit difficult to take unless someone were there to take the shot for you. This necessity gave birth to the selfie stick which enabled group selfies to be taken with out the aid of an outsider or having someone left out of the picture, but for me there was still the problem of my phone being too far to get a clear view of the screen and unless you had a camera with a screen that was 12 inches in diameter, you might not be able to see clearly if everyone was actually in the shot, plus I didn't feel too comfortable with having my phone extended out so far from me. What if it falls, What if someone bumps into it and how can I take photos or videos of other events such as sporting events school plays, concerts, recidals, and have the ability to view it on my screen without having to squint to see the images from that distance? There must be a more easier safer way. That's when mother of invention once again delivered, and I came up with the idea of, "The Extend A Lens". A divice that would solve several problems; The Extend A Lens is relatively a pod that would extend the lens of any divice that is equiped with a camera. It would be epuiped with a lens that virtually extends up to three feet allowing your device to remain safe in your possesion simply by attaching whatever device you may have via USB interface, so instead of having your mobile device perched maybe three to five feet away from you, you can use the Extend A Lens to capture each moment and get a closer view of what ever you are shooting, making it easier to navigate an optic panoramic view . So your smart-phones, tablets, labtops etc. can be used to capture the most difficult to reach shots. Allow me take a minute of your time to introduce to you a knew way of capturing memorble moments, eliminating some of the fatigue and obstacles that came with the traditional way of taking photographs, video footage and moments that can't be recreated. What you are looking at is the prototype of the Extend A Lens and some of it's components. It is small and compact and can be carried with you any where. With a reach of up to three feet, it reaches areas that the average arm just wouldn't be able to reach. It allows you to see and record any event that the selfie stick just would not permit you to do with less distractions. With a few modifications at the technical engineers discretion, it will be ready for consumers of the iphone, ipad, laptop, tablet etc. to purchase. at your nearest outlet or via the internet. Developing new technology can be expensive. There's the cost of the technocal engineers, cost of materials, cost of packaging etc. Which is why I need your support and donations in order to create and manufacture a product that has been long over due. Any and all contributions or funds donated to the production of this project would be used towards the cost of the development of this product. In addition to the USB Extend A Lens, there will also be an Extend A Lens equiped with blue tooth feature for those of you who have compatible devices. If you would like to see this product on the market, please make your pledge and tell your family and friends. Thank you for your support. Risks and challenges Even though raising capital for this project would be a major factor, another challenge would be time. So my first step would be to attain and secure technological engineers who would be capable of designing the circuitry necessary for this product. I have done some research and found there are a number of institutions with engineers qualified for such tasks. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter