Increase your network and develop opportunities SCAN – MATCH – CATCH UP ! Employers: Make your offers as APB ! Improve your visibility and employer brand Manage your online reputation Attract new talent Achieve your goals of recruitment, sales, marketing Power your customer and candidates database Candidates: Become your selfmarketer ! Improve your visibility and personal brand Promote your talent Find job opportunities near you or worldwide Increase your network of employers The features : Linker match 1.0 (in Apple store and Google play 1st November 2014) Matchmaking based on commun interests or skills Location of contacts in a map Virtual business card with QR code Chat Calendar (meeting planner, alert of availibility of a candidate,…) Texting and e-mailing Privacy settings Option « shake & check » to find users near you Linker match 2.0 (November) Location of co-working spaces and your team movements on a map Voice recorder (corporate Siri) Option "wanted" : bonuses for references (paypal) Internal communication tool Job advertisements Business travel management tool Assessment and Recommendations of employers and candidates Indicator and monitoring e-reputation Some screenshots : We also guarantee that we will NOT SELL your personal and professional informations !Story behind Linker :The idea was born when I was travelling in Australia end of 2013 in order to connect job seekers with employers in a smarter and more intuitive way. Basically, it's like tinder but for jobs. I also was inspired by some app features I discovered in China when I was travelling in Asia as a digital nomad. Ex head hunter and globetrotter looking for a job, I know the need for both side. This is an easy networking, marketing and recruitment tool to "match" like minded people. There is something you need as an expat in a new country : a network !It’s not just for executive positions or on specific location but also for « jobbing » and artists jobs, for every kind of talents and industries actually, for local (from 0 to 100 km around) or global opportunities ! to know more : www.abroadproduction.comlinkerly yours,Marie Braud Risks and challenges Why we need your support ? Version 1.0 of Linker and Triper will be in Apple store and Google Play 11th of November We will start developing European and Canadian markets and get more and more global. We would like to improve users experience step by step with adding new features and updates in version 2.0 thanks to this campaign and your help. It’s a social network, so we also need funds for our marketing and communication strategy. In January, we plan to hire Digital brand ambassadors who can work remotely. Give us a kick to start YOUR career up ! Already done: 10 000 $ Development & Design cost : website 2000 $ Linker 4000 $ Triper 4000 $ (Triper 1.0 will also be launch i stores in November) for Ios and android To do : 2.0 features development estimation : Linker 1000 $ Triper 1000 $ www.linkermatch.com recruitment platform 1000$ www.gotriper.com travellers social network 1000$ Marketing & Communication : networking events, contests, sponsoring : 4000 $ If we exceed the goal : we will organize a promotional tour and recruit more talents we also produce smartwaches compatible ios and android to get you receive notifications of match, request, message,... of Linker and Triper in real time Contact me I'll be happy to help you find your next "business match" Marie Braud CEO Abroad production www.abroadproduction.com Learn about accountability on Kickstarter