What do you think of when you think of New York City? The Empire State Building? Bagels? Lou Reed? The 2012 Super Bowl Champions? We here at Kill Screen love all of the aforementioned things. Until recently, you probably wouldn't have said great game design. Fortunately, like the era when you feared for your life in Times Square after 6 PM, those days are over! We've teamed up with game designer and new media artist, Matt Parker, who is curating the evening's game showcase, featuring some of the best games New York City has to offer for your enjoyment.And if that's not all, we're bringing in a pair of truly world-class DJ's to ensure that it's a night to remember.The party goes down Thursday, March 8, 2012.LOCATION: Public Works, an art and event space at 161 Erie St. on the edge of the Mission District in San Francisco.TIME: 8pm-midnightPRICE: Early bird tickets are $10 (or pledge more for prizes!) - order right here on Kickstarter. Note: you do NOT have to be registered for GDC to attend!This is a 21+ event so please bring your ID.DRESS: All black. This is New York, right?MUSIC: 8-10PM: DJ set by Noel Heroux of Hooray for Earth (seriously they're awesome...check them out!)10-12AM: TIM SWEENEY, house DJ for DFA Records and host of the world famous Beats in Space Podcast!!! FOOD: You heard right. Gourmet grilled cheese will be available for purchase, courtesy of San Francisco's very own Grilled Cheez Guy!PRIZE PICK UP: This one's important: all prizes are to be picked up the night of the event. If for some reason you are unable to attend, contact us and we would be happy to work out a shipping arrangement for you, but it will be at your expense.GAMES:Hemisphere Games - Osmos - MULTIPLAYER DEBUT!!Ok, ok...we know Hemisphere Games is Canadian, but NYC's own, wonderful Andy Nealen did work on it! Play this award-winning puzzler in multiplayer mode for the first time on two side by side projections. ------------Zach Gage - Bit Pilot - The beautiful and addictive retro bullet-dodging iOS classic!------------Ramiro Corbetta - Hokra - A thrilling minimalist 4-player sports game originally created for the NYU No Quarter exhibition. ------------Adam Parrish - Lexcavator - PUBLIC DEBUT!! Boggle meets platformer in this Tetris-style puzzle game. ------------Michael Consoli - Against the Wall - Explore a beautifully rendered and mysterious world set on the side of an infinite vertical surface, while trying to return to your village located miles above the starting point. PRIZESCustom Silkscreened I <3 NY T-Shirt, printed on a high quality American Apparel tee and designed by Kill Screen designer extraordinaire, Daniel Purvis. ------------Kill Screen Magazine, Issue 1: The No Fun IssueWe literally just found an extra box in our closet. Limited to just 2,000 copies, this issue has been out of print for almost a year! ------------New York Indie Games Pack Osmos (PC/Mac/Linux) Lexcavator, Limited Beta (PC/Mac/Linux) Against the Wall, Limited Beta (PC/Mac) ------------MISHKA Clothing PackA hat and t-shirt courtesy of our friends at Brooklyn fashion company, Mishka. ------------Fools Gold DJ PackSome swag from our friends at Brooklyn-based label, Fool's Gold, featuring a pair of 12" vinyl records.