Settlers of Space is a strategy simulation builder game in outer space. Discover a new world in the distant future. Face the challenge of space settlement on planets, moons and asteroids. Build and manage large cities from small mining outpost up to global wide cities. Command fleets and conquer new territories, trade goods between your settlements and research new technologies. The game will be available on PC. Please support me on Steam Greenlight. Announcement trailer DISCOVER You are living in outer space, you can settle on planets, moons and asteroids. You will find a wide range of different kinds of planets, each with own resources and habitat conditions. During game play the environment can change, planets can become hot or cold that leads to a change in available resources. You always need to align with your environment. Warm planet Cold planet TRADE Create trade routes between your settlements to enlarge the wealth and happiness of your settlers. Sell unneeded goods to stock up your treasury. Trading ship RESEARCH Discover the research tree starting from simple to very advanced systems. You can improve weaponry, armory and civil technologies. They become available either through your settlers or by completing quests. Even researched technologies can be improved further. SHIPS Every ship is personalized. First you design it by combining modules and frames together. Then you build it by using one of your shipyards. So that you are able to adjust your needs either for combat or trading. Ship Ship COMBAT Know your enemies and arm yourself. By winning battles the ship crew gather experience and it improves your ship. Use the environment to get a tactical advantage, hide behind planets and surprise the enemy. VR Play Settlers of Space in VR (HTC Vive) and enjoy to step into the action. Risks and challenges At the moment the game is playable as a game concept demo. Some of the main game engine features are tested and implemented already. Until the first Early Access release is complete, some work on the AI needs to be done. Afterwards a minimum gameplay demo will be available. To reduce the complexity of the game, we decided to use Low-poly and textureless graphics so that we can focus on the main game mechanics and quality. Furthermore we will try to use as many suitable plugins as possible like RAIN AI or Shaderforge. A multiplayer mode will be only available if the game gets either a very good funding or by a DLC. We need about 2 years to develop the game with the fully planned feature set. During development there will be polls and discussion on the forum, where the community can participate on features, looks and behaviours. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter