In this Information Age it is hard to imagine that there are still some things you just can't Google to find. With all the online social networking websites it's even harder to imagine that local businesses and event planners still struggle to find each other. Don't you think it's about time we solve this problem and build something that will bring us together?EveeDex is built directly for Event Planners and Vendors who attend these events. Here's just a small sample of who we know will love EveeDex: Direct Sales Employees (Pampered Chef, Jamberee Nails, Scentsy, Mary Kay, Avon, etc.) Wedding Planners/Organizers/Directors Cake Decorators Photographers Event Planners/Organizers/Directors/Managers Food Truck Vendors Arts & Crafts Vendors Flea Markets Community Yard Sales City Event Planners Local and State Fairs/Festivals EVEEDEX: YOUR NEXT EVENT STARTS HEREEveeDex isn't just another social networking website. It has been designed directly for event planners and vendors. This is because we want to make this website the primary place where you can find events to sell your product at, make more money, and fill up your events with fantastic vendors. The first thing you'll notice about EveeDex is that we have put tremendous thought into exactly what you need and want to make your business as successful and efficient as possible. We know from personal experience that this industry can be stressful at times and that is why every feature comes with 100% of YOU in our minds.FEATURES BEYOND WHAT YOU EVER THOUGHT YOU NEEDEDNow we all know with social networking websites you get the basics: photos, videos, about me page, messaging, etc. While our website does include all of these great features we rather talk to you about what makes EveeDex so special.*RATINGS & REVIEW* Vendors: There are times you struggle to find any event and times you just don't know which event to chose. You begin to wonder what the attendance is like or if the place even looks presentable. We have been there.Hosts: We know how hard it can be to invite someone you hardly know to your venue. You hope they will be respectful and provide a worthy product to your patrons and not just an empty table with a couple of flyers. We completely understand.On EveeDex you will be able to rate and review events and vendors no matter what type of profile you have. You can also use reviews to make improvements on the next event you host or attend. We are all in this together and truly want to see each other succeed. So constructive feedback is always welcome.*CALENDAR* Hosts: You spend all day trying to find vendors, e-mailing them, mailing them invitations, and using up good time and money to get them to come to your event. Then you find out a good portion of those vendors were already busy. Vendors: Sometimes getting invitations for events on dates you already have other things planned can be bothersome. And wouldn't it be nice to see all the events being planned by your favorite host a whole year out?Use Calendar to post your yearly schedule. Let hosts know when your busy. Let vendors know about all the fantastic events you have planned throughout the year.*SIMPLIFIED REGISTRATION* Vendors: So here is how it normally goes: You find an event to go to. You print off the application, fill it out, and send it in with a check to reserve your spot. You're not exactly sure if there are any spots left and you pray you have the right address on the letter.Hosts: You get the application, you process it, deposit the check, contact the vendor, set them up on a mailing list, and the work never stops. What a headache!Let EveeDex help you out. Create custom registration forms for vendors. Filling out the forms is a breeze! Your contact information, business name and description are already filled in and attached to the form. Just chose the type of spot and how many you'd like and you're done! Finally, don't ever worry about sending another check. Just use the secure payment processing service PayPal!*VERIFIED HOSTS* There is always that icky feeling you get when you have to send a check in the mail to someone you've never met for an event you've never been to. Yup! We've been there too.For a host to get their profile published they must have three current members (of any type) verify their account. Don't feel comfortable at just three? You can see just how many people have rated the host. Consider each rating another verification that the host and event is real.*FAVORITES* Struggling to keep a good list of events or vendors? Easily save your favorites for quick reference next time around.*INVITE* Does writing e-mails and messages get overwhelming when you just want to send a quick and simple invite to a vendor? With EveeDex it just take's three simple clicks and your done in seconds.*EVENT STATS* This is something that is currently in the works. We are developing an extra tool to help you manage your event. After all we know very well how much numbers play a big roll in business management.Hosts: With Event Stats you can monitor who has paid, who you have approved, types of vendors, how many spaces you have left, and so much more!Vendors: Keep track of your status on events you have registered for. Forgot if you paid for that event you signed up for months ago? Just check the Event Stats page. This is only a small taste of what we have planned for this tool.*SEARCH* We have saved the best for last. Our site is jam packed with so many great tools and features that you'll wonder how you ever lived without them. But this feature is by far our pride and joy. With Search you'll find exactly what you are looking for in no time. Find events, vendors, or hosts from all over the U.S..Our search feature allows you to filter your results by: Type of event Type of vendor Distance from zip code Fee Date of event The results page gets even better. We have thought long and hard about the important information you use to make a quick decision. You will see the profile picture, name, type, location, description, and if it is an event you will see the fee. From there if it looks like the right fit you can open up the profile and begin the expansion of your professional network.WHAT WILL THIS COST? About the price of a single candy bar a month or less.USE IT ON THE GO! Not only are you going to get a fantastic and easy to use website but EveeDex will morph into an eligant mobile website. We know you're always on the move and having this website at your fingertips will be more useful during those times.A NEW AGE WITH NEWMEDIA! We have partnered up with newmedia: a website designer and developer located in Denver, CO. Not only do they have an incredible track record for designing beautiful and fantastic websites but since our conversations started about this project they have proven time and time again that they are more than capable of meeting the strict professional standards we expect. And at times have even exceeded them. We are so excited to work with them as they are to build this website and work with us!For more information and to check out some of their work visit newmediadenver.WHAT PLANS DO YOU HAVE FOR THE FUTURE? Updates and Upgrades: If you expect other social networking sites to constantly be improving then why should this be any different? We will have a team constantly working to make sure EveeDex is meeting your expectations. We promise to listen to every single one of you as you let us know what is most important to you. We know and expect it to never be perfect and because of this we hope to work hard for you and with you to make it everything you need and want it to be.International Expansion: As of right now the website will be tailored for United States users, however, if we get enough interest from other regions around the world we will work hard to bring it to your location even sooner. (Note: There is a possibility you could still use it for your region in the mean time. We are currently looking into this.)Integration with Software: We know there are some really awesome computer programs that assist in planning and organizing your events. We hope to some day create a way for you integrate your computer software with your EveeDex account. Goal Breakdown Project Timeline Questions & FeedbackIf you have a question please feel free to contact us. We will do our absolute best to get you an answer as soon as possible.We are also panning to hold two Live Demo's via Facebook Live so make sure to Like and Follow us on Facebook. We will let you know the date and time once we have the specifics finalized. It will include a basic demo of the prototype (please keep in mind it is just for proof of concept) and a Q&A session. We hope to see you all there!You've heard and read a lot about how much we need your help and our mission to make this exactly how you want it. To do this we want to hear from you. Tell us your ideas and give us your input. After all it is nearly impossible for our small team to truly serve the needs of thousands without hearing from you. Risks and challenges FIRST CHALLENGE: Our biggest challenge we will encounter is filling up the site with valuable information. If vendors in your area aren't registering for the website then it becomes useless to you. If event hosts don't use the site then what good is it? Our plan to overcome this takes three separate but related avenues. First, our KickStarter campaign will prove that there are more than enough vendor's and event planners that are truly interested in this site. You will be able to see just how many people have purchased profiles on our KickStarter campaign. The more people who purchase advanced memberships the more information that will be available on the site when it launches. Furthermore, we know that people like you will be so interested in this great website that you will be more than motivated to share it on your social media webpages and talk about it with your friends and family. Second, over the past year we have been developing a large list of contacts throughout the industry and all across the United States. With the help of these people and organizations we are positive we will be able to increase the awareness of our website significantly. With the great need of our product it is without hesitation that we expect word of it will spread like wild fire. Finally, each of the partners in this project have devoted a portion of their own time and money to use toward a strong online social network advertising campaign. However, not only will we be running paid Ads but we will also manually search state by state for pages, groups, and events who we know would benefit from the many features offered by EveeDex. SECOND CHALLENGE: We know the site wont be perfect when it is launched. We also know that you will be expecting updates and upgrades as soon as possible. Currently we are a small team of three energetic young men working with a web developer to help us transform our dream into reality. With our limited personnel it may take us time to roll out updates but we will get them out as fast as we can. However, the more members we have the more income we have to use to hire employees that can help us sift through all your feedback and get you the updates and upgrades you ask for even faster. This is another reason why we are asking for your help. Share our campaign and let everyone know how important it is to be apart of this outstanding community. While you work hard on your end, we promise to work hard on our part too. We will constantly work to tell everyone around the country (and possibly the world) about this great website. We will spend the necessary funds (when available) to advertise as much as possible. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter