Greetings, friends! My name is Bryan Loy, and I'm the Assistant Director and Co-Writer of Playthings, a short film that I made with my partner, Producer/Director Brian Boenau. Together we make up Cinemaraffe, an independent production company based out of Washington, D.C.Along with an incredibly dedicated cast and crew, we've poured our blood, sweat, and tears into Playthings for the past several months. We are extremely proud of the result, and we can't wait to share the film with audiences everywhere.Synopsis: Like most children, Mason (Sam Rogers) is convinced that there's a monster living in his closet. At first frightened, Mason soon discovers that the monster--named Tyr--simply wants to play with him, and a fast friendship develops between the two. But what was once innocent soon turns destructive as Mason--now a young man (Danny Dobyns)--fears that his relationship with Tyr is beginning to encroach upon his personal life... and potentially his sanity.Check out the trailer below! Playthings opened to thunderous acclaim at the George Mason University Fall Film Showcase on December 5th, 2014. It was incredibly gratifying to be in the audience and hear people laugh, gasp, and applaud at our film. Brian and I were thrilled to hear all the positive feedback, including this rave review from a local entertainment podcast:"I enjoyed it immensely. Playthings was riveting and compelling. I still have the heebie-jeebies." -- George Hanna of the George and Tony Entertainment Show podcastBased on the overwhelming encouragement from our friends, peers, professors, and supporters, Brian and I both agreed that the journey of Playthings should not end here. We want to continue to share our story by taking the film beyond George Mason University and enrolling it in film festivals. But to do that ain't free! In fact, the film festival route can get rather expensive, as there are submission fees for each festival. And that's where YOU come in!What will my money be going toward? We're glad you asked! Now, submission fees range anywhere from $15 to $75, and we plan on submitting the film to multiple festivals. However, the expenses don't end there. We're also planning on hiring a professional music composer to score the film, and we hope to book public screenings at movie theaters in the D.C. area.Here is the breakdown of the festivals we plan on submitting to: DC Shorts - $30 North Hollywood CineFest - Short Films: Thriller/Horror - $55 The Mini Cinema Short Film Experience (California) - Short: Live Action - $35 California International Shorts Festival - Student Short - $70 Burbank International Film Festival - Student Films - $40 The Northern Virginia International Film Festival - Narrative Short Film - $50 SENE Film Festival - Short: non-documentary (Rhode Island) - $55 The Ivy Film Festival - US Graduate (Providence, Rhode Island) - $35 LA Thriller Film Festival - Student - $45 DC Independent Film Festival - Short - $23 Lakeshorts International Short Film Festival - Student - $35 Nashville Film Festival - Student - $55 Dam Short Film Festival (Nevada) - Drama - $50 Love Your Shorts Film Festival (Florida) - Drama - $45 Washington West Film Festival - Short - $30 Aspen Shortfest - Drama - $100 West Chester International Short Film Festival - Student Drama - $55 River Bend Film Festival (Michigan) - Short Drama - $30 Maryland International Film Festival - Short - $45 Virginia Film Festival - Short As Star Wars creator George Lucas once said, "Films are not released. They escape." We have many exciting things planned for Playthings, but we need your help in making them come to fruition. We have created an exciting array of rewards and incentives that we hope will make your contributions that much more worthwhile, but the greatest reward for us will be sharing our film with as many willing souls as possible. T-shirt design Risks and challenges The biggest risk in sending Playthings off to festivals is the chance that the film might be rejected. If that does happen, then we'll be resilient, persevere, and simply move onto the next thing. While Playthings is Cinemaraffe's first short film, we plan on producing others in the future. If Playthings doesn't make it in the festival circuit, you can be sure that we'll try again with our next film. We are a new production company, but we will use our experience with Playthings to gain knowledge and prepare ourselves for the professional film world. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter