Hello! If you reading this it's because you found my kickstarter and are potentially interested in hearing about what I have to offer. First, let me tell you a bit about myself... My name is Dominic, for the past seven years I have been a producer and DJ in the Electronic Dance Music culture under the name Davino. I have seen some success in my endeavors to show the world just how powerful of a weapon music can be in the hands of thoughtful and truly caring individuals. After a couple years of running underground shows, performing live at local festivals/nightclubs, producing singles to give out for free on my soundcloud, releasing a couple successful singles on Beatport & as of recent running a quite successful radio program on London's UpFront Radio I Recently I had the idea after the success of my first single (you can check that out here) to produce a full length album that would tell a story of wistfulness and melancholy. A story of acceptance and a sense of not fearing that which will come tomorrow while not dreading events of yesterday. This is where this kickstarter comes into play.Why I need your helpMy present setup I have had for a number of years now. Pieces of it are breaking (if not already broken) and I will have to replace a number of pieces as well as add on new pieces to help me produce this monster and future music as well. I managed to go as far as getting a new computer already and it is on its way BUT I need other things to help me and I am hoping this list can be funded by you kind folks. Beside the cost of equipment there is food and drink costs for in studio noming, some outside studio costs for the studio I will be using to master the tracks and the costs to get some physical editions printed and merch made up. This album is going to be released on my label but the label is just a small imprint that cannot currently do more than outsourcing the finished piece to markets like Itunes, Beatport, Trackitdown, etc, etc...basically they do the marketing but I have to do the work of 90% of the process to get to that point. Here is a small equipment list to help you realize the venture this is and I hope I can count on you to support me in this.Equipment List As It SitsAbleton Live 9 Suite & or Fl Studio's Current upgrade editionNative Instruments Komplete 10 UltimateNative Instruments Komplete Kontrol S49Novation Audiohub 2x4 external sound cardPioneer S-DJ60X Active Refrence Studio Monitors x22x 1 terabit external hard drivesBlue Microphones Snowball ICE USB Mic4 or 5 Chroma Cable USB cables from DJ Tech Tools (best USB for production)Crane Stand Pro Laptop Stand by DJ Tech ToolsThe Controller Backpack V2 by DJ Tech ToolsVarious FoodsVarious DrinksStudio Trends 46" Desk- CherryDr Pro sms1bk wood studio monitor stand pair Risks and challenges There may be some short production delays since I am moving at the moment and things have been a bit chaotic... BUT! That dosn't mean I am not going to get this album done. Lets be fair, some kind of random stuff does happen but I can fix computer problems, I can always start another kickstarter if I run out of funding for this or don't make enough to meet my goal... I do have my list sort of full with music production and gigs but like anything involving music... It takes time and you will all know when this beast is finished... please remember that though... It takes time. You will all be kept in the loop as to what stage I am in development wise. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter