UPDATE # 1! Our Second Poster!Hi everyone! Our $25 reward has always been the films poster, our first poster was finished before we launched our kickstarter campaign and we've just finished our second poster! Nick and Al Meet The Devil Poster # 2 The poster features original artwork by Ryan Bock, http://ryanwbock.com/As stated before our $25 and above donors get a choice between the original poster featured in the video above or this new piece!THE MOVIEWhat if you threw a GIGANTIC Halloween party, a party so big that The Devil himself made an appearance? Now what if you woke up the next morning and The Devil was still passed out in your backyard, and in order to SAVE THE WORLD you had to wake him up? Nick and Al find themselves in that exact predicament. With one rowdy night behind them this pair of miscreants has one day to wake up Satan himself or the whole world goes straight to hell. Their only help will be Sarah, Nick’s recent ex-girlfriend, and the boys only partner in their adventures at the end of the world. And what an apocalypse it will be! As the day progresses, the trio will face reality T.V. show preachers, vindictive police, ferocious demons, dead family members, and the Almighty Himself in a romping comedy adventure to save the universe and accept adult-hood all in one jam packed day. Today is going to be one hell of a day!WHERE WILL THE FUNDING GO?With your generous contributions here on KickStarter, we will launch our film into production. We have created a very strict and minimal budget for our project, and a budget with which we know we can finish the film. Almost all of the production services needed to create this film can and will be served in-house, as we have many talented people that work with us in various fields in the film industry.Here's a general summary of how the funds will be spent:Pre-Production: $500 (permits, supplies)Most of our pre-production is already complete, most at no expense.Production: $27,000 (rentals, crew, locations, catering, on-set)Producers, director and DP will not take pay. Most crew in-house.Post- Production: $2,500 (sound editor, music licensing)We have editor, colorist, composer all in-houseWith our drive, passion and most importantly knowledge in production and the film industry as a whole, we will create an amazing film with your help!For Distribution, we already have several parties interested in our film!OUR CASTCurrently we have three talented thespians attached to Nick & Al Meet the Devil. First up is Jim Cody Williams as God. Jim Cody Williams MMA Legend Don Frye also makes a appearance as our antagonist Beelzebub. Don Frye And we've just signed the stunning Marina Rose as Sarah, our lead character's love interest and ex-girlfriend. Marina Rose REWARDSHere comes the fun part! We have a bunch of unique rewards, items ranging from DVD Copies of the film to these themed Ping Pong Balls. We also have two AWESOME posters available! Here's the first! Check back later this month for the unveiling of Poster # 2! Along with all these material rewards we are also offering Associate Producer credits on the film along with a chance to actually be in the movie!GET SOCIALWe have a strong social media campaign built around Nick and Al Meet The Devil! Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter!https://www.facebook.com/NickandAlMeetTheDevilhttps://twitter.com/NickandAl OUR PASSION & GRATITUDENick & Al Meet The Devil is a passion project of ours. We've been eating and breathing every aspect of the project for the past few years, and want to share our vision. We hope you enjoyed our KickStarter campaign, and wish for your support!Thanks for your time,Sincerely,- Logan Boettcher, Vinny Sisson, Jim Cohenproducers, Nick & Al Meet The Devilwww.nickandal.com Risks and challenges We have two hurdles to overcome in our pre-production phase. First, securing a shooting location; we are utilizing a location scout and realtor in order to secure a viable shooting location in Los Angeles. Our other hurdle is casting our two main actors. Casting is a phase in the filmmaking process, as well as securing shooting locations. These are problems that could possibly delay the production by a few weeks. However, we do not expect to encounter much difficulties in casting or location lockdown. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter