100% FUNDED! Now let's hit some of those stretch goals Major Update! (06/21) PLEASE READ: CONSOLE EDITIONS GUARANTEED! As of now (06/21) console releases of On a Roll are guaranteed! You are now able to pre order On a Roll on all platforms (including: Steam, PS3, PS4, Xbox 360, Xbox ONE) No additional stretchgoals required! Simply pledge $30 and choose the CONSOLE EDITION reward! Yes the CONSOLE EDITION rewards only lists PC/PS4/Xbox ONE editions, but as of now this includes PS3 and Xbox 360 editions as well. We would edit the reward description if we could, however as soon as someone has pledged for this reward it is of course no longer possible to change that description.We know how much you really want a console version of the game and we have been working really hard for weeks in order to make that happen. After long negotiations with a third party we have found a solution for the expensive porting process. It wasn't easy and required lots of sacrifices from our part, but we made it work! On a Roll - Screenshots On a Roll has mainly been a one-man project up until now. Jelle Van den Audenaeren, creator of the project, has been rollerblading since 1997.Jelle: Believe it or not, this sport really changed my life for the better! I was quite the nerdy type who would spend his summer days inside and behind the computer tinkering with early 3D software in DOS and learning to code. Then one day my dad came home with 2 pairs of Bauer skates: one for him and one for my mom. Because my mom had about the same shoe size as I did at the time, I was able to try them on... and I sucked! Even though it took me a few weeks before I was able to roll around without falling, and months before I was able to reach the top of our local halfpipe, it felt like I had found the one thing that was missing from my life. I was just free to do whatever I could think of on my skates. It's this creative part of skating and my rebellious attitude towards team sports which require rules that drew me to this sport and I kept doing it ever since.Jelle has been working in the 3D animation movie industry for over 10 years and has gathered a solid skill set in a lot of the same software that is being used in the video games industry.Unlike most people suspect, the entire game in it's current state has been built by one person. This means: coding, artwork, modeling, characters, mocap processing etc.Even though On A Roll has mainly been a one-man project up until now, others have added their contribution to the project: Francis Ali (mocap actor / 3D scanning) Antony Pottier (mocap actor / 3D scanning) Anthony Finnocchiaro (mocap actor / 3D scanning / planning trips to Belgium) Manon Derrien (mocap actress) Jef Aerts (sound recording and design) Joris 'Dhooghe (teaser soundtrack) Luc Van den Audenaeren (Kickstarter soundtrack) Jan Van den Audenaeren (mocap props) Lilith Rouffa/Ruth Goyvaerts (Kickstarter soundtrack: vocals) Roeland Van Praet (coding/physics consultant) Howard Abrahall (mocap technician) Greg Tawell (Graphic Design) Special thanks: Dirk Van Welden Niko Voorspoels Sofie De Cocker Cyborn 3D Geoffrey Van Moer Ward Gabriels Lieven Van den Audenaeren Joey and Todd from Mushroomblading.com Once the campaign is funded successfully, Jelle will be able to hire more people to work on the project, which means the development will go a lot faster. On a Roll - The Team These professionals are waiting to jump in: Lieven Van den Audenaeren (coding) Jef Aerts (Sound design) Howard Abrahall (mocap/3D scanning TD) Ian Ketterer of the band Faintly (soundtrack) Joris 'Dhooghe (soundtrack) I have been dreaming about a rollerblading game ever since I got into it in 1997, a game where you could do any trick you could think of and not be restricted by whether you actually had the guts to try it. But back then I just thought it would be too complex for the current generation of gaming platforms. Then Tony Hawk's Pro Skater came out. I didn't own a Playstation at the time, but I remember playing this game for hours at my friend's house. I would play the game imagining the character on rollerblades and I would find tricks that would resemble rollerblading tricks as close as possible - not that skateboarding isn't awesome already, it's just that I was obsessed with rollerblading.3 or 4 years and another Playstation generation later, Rage Software had actually built the game I had been dreaming of for so long: Rolling. A rollerblading game where you could do any trick you want and you could even play as some of your favorite pro skaters. I played the hell out of that game and I still do from time to time. But 12 years have passed since then and technology has grown exponentially along with an increasing creativity in the rollerblading sport. So just for fun I decided to build my own rollerblading game with graphics that hold up to the current standard and ultimately with a flow and trick vocabulary that resemble modern day skating.With professional game engines becoming more easily accessible I started tinkering again just like in those early days, with one small but important difference... During the past 10 years I had been lucky enough to be working full-time on several feature length 3D films, a job requiring the skills and knowledge of the software packages which are used not only in the movie industry, but also in the game industry. So I kinda already spoke the language, now it was just a matter of bringing my childhood dream to life!And here we are almost 4 years after my initial plan to start building this game. I've put countless hours of my spare time into this project, but it has grown beyond my expectations to a point where I feel I can no longer do this as part-time activity. Plus, I also want others to be able to enjoy it! I want to make this game something not only 'I' have been dreaming of, but I want it to meet all of your expectations as well. That's why I decided to come to Kickstarter! With your help I want to make this the most amazing digital rollerblading experience you could possibly imagine. Made with passion, the necessary skills and a lot of experience, this game will cater to all of you rollerblading fans out there! So far On a Roll has been a solo project, meaning the work of all different aspects of the game such as concept art, coding, character modeling, environment modeling, texturing and even public relations was done by one person. To speed up development I've put together a team of skilled and experienced professionals who're eager to jump in and help out on those various aspects of the game.Hiring these people will not only improve the game's overall quality and integrity, it will also significantly speed up the development process and thus shorten the amount of time you'll have to wait for the finished product. It will allow us to make the game world bigger, more detailed and more interactive; think grindable chains, pivoting gates to grind on and much more. We'll be able to add more features such as rollerblading events and competitions, a level editor and also a more expansive trick vocabulary which goes beyond grinding, spinning and flipping.A bigger budget will also allow us to add more of your favorite pro skaters. Motion capturing and 3D scanning, the technologies that enable us to replicate each skater's unique look and style, are very expensive.By backing On a Roll now instead of buying the game when it's finished you're helping to make On a Roll to be the best game it could possibly be, so if you're planning on enjoying this game in the future you're doing yourself a favor by backing.Plus, if you back the game now and the campaign is funded successfully, you will have instant access to the game 'as is', which means you'll be able to play it on your computer this summer and it also gives you a chance to send us any feedback you think might be useful for the development of On A Roll. Even though we still have some work ahead of us, we have already made some considerable progress. On a Roll - Concept Art At the moment we have a working prototype of the game with all of its basic mechanics implemented. This prototype has been extensively tested at this year's Winterclash event, where our booth was pretty much non-stop flooded by people eager to get their hands on the game and they were all extremely positive about it.We've also done several motion capture sessions at various facilities with experienced pro skaters, such as Antony Pottier and Manon Derrien. These sessions were lead by industry professionals in the field such as Howard Abrahall using top of the line equipment such as the Vicon motion capture system (www.vicon.com) and also the Xsens mocap suits (www.xsens.com). Not only did we do motion capture sessions, but we have also made several 3D scans to capture the exact look of the skaters whose movements and styles we've recorded. So far we've used the photogrammetry system and the established mobile Artec3D scanner (www.artec3d.com). Thanks to these techniques you will be able to experience the game in the most detailed, realistic and natural way possible.Because we value these aspects of detail and realism so much, we've created some very intuitive organic feeling controls which have a strong link with the way you would execute things in real life. For example, the positioning of the feet during grinding will be controlled respectively by the left and right analog sticks of the game controller. Whichever direction you hold the analog stick will be the direction the skater avatar points its foot. These controls have also been tested extensively at this year's Winterclash tradeshow and been fine-tuned according to feedback.We've talked to a lot of rollerblading professionals about their possible involvement in the game. Here's a list of pro's who've expressed interest in having their digital avatar as a playable character in the game. On a Roll game avatar of Seba Pro rider Antony Pottier; generated from 3D scan + mocap data Note: although the following people have expressed interest we haven't made any final agreements yet. Montre Livingston Richie Eisler Chris Haffey Alex Broskow CJ Welssmore Nils Jansons Coco Sanchez Robert Guerrero Mathieu Ledoux Stephanie Richer Aaron feinberg Billy O'Neill Chris Farmer Sean Kelso Brian Shima VOTE for your favorite skater here!You can vote on the skater you would like to see featured in the game here: http://www.easypolls.net/poll.html?p=5564300fe4b0615a78410202 We've already made a lot of progress with developing the game, but of course we still have some work to do:polishing animations: Even though we captured all the possible movements for each skater individually, all of these little animation clips still have to be implemented into a huge network of animation transitions so that the player can make any combination of movements he or she could possible think of. Fine-tuning these transitions can be a very time consuming thing. So you may find that not all movements are quite as fluent as they should be at the moment, but don't worry! With enough time to tweak we'll get them as smooth as can be.fixing bugs As with any game that is being designed from scratch there are going to be occasional glitches and other kinds of unintentional behavior, some of these bugs are harder to track down than others. But we definitely intent on fixing all of them before releasing the final game.add even more trick vocabulary At the moment our prototype includes all possible grinds, spins, some flip tricks, manual tricks and grabs. However we want every possible trick the player could dream of to be present in the game. Think quick foottaps, smoothly cess sliding into a grind, bunny hopping a ledge and onto a rail and much more.expand the environment Our prototype currently features a limited environment to explore. However the final product will feature an expansive open world type of city and many of the components and props to be featured in this city still have to be build. CONCEPT: On a Roll - City Motion Capturing and 3D scanning MOTION CAPTURING / 3D SCANNING With On A Roll we want to offer movements that are as realistic as possible, as well as an intuitive organic set of controls. That's why we have opted for motion capturing. All movements are recorded with a state of the art inertial motion capture system. Apart from capturing several professional skaters we also did a 3D scan of their bodies. Thanks to these two techniques the unique style of each skater will be seamlessly integrated in the game. If you have ever wondered how it would feel like to rollerblade like a pro, then this is your chance to find out!Real rollerblading sounds! SFX RECORDING You can't have a rollerblading game without actual real life rollerblading sounds! All the sounds you hear in the game have been professionally recorded in outdoor and indoor skate parks and other interesting street spots. In other words, On A Roll offers you the most realistic sound level possible and stays far away from cheap library sound effects. Any extra money will go towards improving and expanding the game. Below you can find an overview of some of the extra features we will be able to include by reaching our stretchgoals: Budget About the rewardsAre you a skating company or do you have a skate clothing brand and want your brand and products featured in the game? Contact us for exclusive sponsorships deals tailored to your needs and wishes! You can reach us via info@onaroll-studio.com On a Roll - Advertisment Example On a Roll - Boxed version On a Roll - Art book On a Roll - Shirt and Hoodie Concept Risks and challenges Creating a video game is not easy, but we are confident that we can create a great game thanks to our knowledge, experience and expertise. The project's creator and everyone who will be involved in the development of On A Roll have already succesfully finished several projects. We all have experience with working under pressure and we are not afraid of putting in more hours than “full-time” (weekends, holidays and nights). One of the biggest challenges will be to find a perfect balance between our own vision of the game and the vision of our community. Therefore we will continue to communicate with everyone interested in On A Roll in order to have a game that satisfies everyone's needs and wishes. We will always keep you informed, during and after the campaign! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter