Due to a shortfall in Start Up funding we weren't able to activate a marketing plan that would help us gain more market awareness. We currently have some clients both Players and Teams, but the majority of these clients are Players. Players do not pay to use Roster Point Hockey. Teams pay $149.99 per year to use Roster Point Hockey.Given that we have clients signing up for our service and with Google analytics suggesting that a lot of our traffic is Direct this tells us that people like what they see with RPH it's just that not enough people are seeing it. market Awareness is needed to ensure the financial viability of the business. Therefore we will be using the funds we acquire on Marketing and New Development.Marketing Plan Roster Point is a digital infrastructure for connecting hockey players and teams where they can post/access advanced stats, promote themselves, interact with one another, and take advantage/create playing opportunities. The website solves the perennial problem of placing aspiring players in recruiting teams so that everybody can focus on the game itself and not the back-office side of it. Market Segments Target CustomersParents Details Description : a mix of married, divorced or single in the age range of 25 – 65; in a high income bracket; include professionals, trades people, and a few labourers; love sports, movies, dinning out and travelling. Target CustomerPlayers DetailsMinor Hockey Players aged 7‐15 (really Parents of minor hockey players aged 25‐50) Bantam to Midget aged 15‐18 Junior Player aged 16‐20 Description: male or female; single between 15 and 21; not making a substantial income at all; love watching sports; use social media often and research teams to play for and what teams their peers are playing for. Target CustomerTeams/Scouts DetailsMinor Hockey teams Junior teams University or College teams Elite Spring teams Scouts, Coaches, GMs and Owners Description: male; married and divorced; between 25 and 65; making between 40,000 and $120,00; they don’t care much about the environment; love to watch hockey, scouting players and being in the rinks, they love to help, maybe still play hockey and research players to bring to their teams. Marketing Channels Inbound Marketing Social Media It is an effective vehicle to deliver marketing ideas quickly to the end consumer. Roster Point is using LinkedIn, Facebook, and Twitter. LinkedIn profile is updated with development news. Two posts are made per day on Facebook and Twitter. We were posting articles twice a day a month before launch. User Promotion We promote teams on roster Point on a carousel on the front page. Players will be soon advertised in the same way. This is complimentary marketing for both players and teams. Celebrity Endorsement Former NHL hockey player and Member of the Hockey Hall of Fame since 1996, Börje Salming, endorsed Roster Point in a text message and we are waiting to have a formal statement from him. We will continue to attract and find other celebrities to endorse Roster Point to help us obtain more credibility and trust. Outbound Marketing Website The website is the marketing backbone of the business. It is the landing spot for questions derived from all the social media messages and campaigns. We introduced Roster Point Ambassador as a promotion to get clients to share their successes. We will also introduce one Featured Player each month once player membership rises to 500. We are working on partnering with an apparel manufacture to get free track suits for the winners and a stick manufacturer to get them a couple of sticks. Email Marketing We have a Millennial intern on staff who collects relevant email addresses from our target market of teams. We are cognizant of Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation using this method. In the US, there is no such at this point and we can freely send our messages to anyone. (See Regulatory Environment) Event Attendance and Marketing It will be used when Roster Point is going to be involved in an event as organizer. The host of the event will advertise Roster Point’s attendance in the show and we will send posts out on social media letting everyone know where we are. While at the events, we will use Facebook and Twitter to send photos of us out to followers and friends. We will use brochures at events. When we are at shows, we have and will continue to use contests. (Trade) Shows Attendance There are several trade shows in the hockey industry. They generally focus on equipment from manufactures such as Bauer, CCM, Rebook, and Easton and products to assist in skill development. Hockey Canada accompanies its AGM with a trade show. Other trade shows throughout Canada and the US are the Ontario Minor Hockey Association Hometown Hockey Show; the Puck Drop that boasts up to 25,000 player visits at Canlan Ice Sports; the Let’s Play Hockey Consumer Show that draws over 40,000 people each year; The Hockey Show Toronto; Prime Time Sports and Entertainment Conference; The Coaches Site; the ACHA Conference; Elite Edge Hockey Showcase; Global Hockey Camps and Clinics; CCHL u16 Prospects Camp; CCHL Junior Prospects Camp; Pro Hockey Bauer Shootout; OMHA Hometown Hockey Show. Roster Point will endeavor to have booths at these trade shows as judged appropriate. Tournaments Attendance Tournaments in North America host teams from all over the world. These tournaments will host a lot of players, as well as scouts that are there looking for players for (junior) teams. Examples: Junior/College Exposure Showcase, NAHL Showcase, the TEP Showcase, GTHL Puck Drop Weekend, King of The Rings I(I) Tournament, the Quebec and Waterloo Peewee Tournaments, Pennsylvania Summer Challenge, Pre‐Season Blast, Bauer World Invite, Bell Capital Cup, Canadian Hockey Expo, and the CCM Hockey Showcase. Roster Point will endeavor to have booths at these tournaments as judged appropriate. Networking The founder’s experience in cold calling has resulted in getting radio advertisement. The host of TSN 1040 committed to doing a show on Roster Point and we will be a sponsor of different segments of his program moving forward. In return, the radio will advertise on our platform. Resurrecting old contacts has generated contra deals with two sports magazines: Sports HQ and Durham Sports. They are local geographically and are important to the market close to home. A 2-page article was published in July 2016 that included Roster Point’s Press Release. The Press Release was emailed to all recorded prospects and put out on social media. Direct Sales The founder of Roster Point has a network of individuals working in the hockey industry. Leagues in Canada and the US will be contacted to be educated on the problems that Roster Point solves. Roster Point will aim to create ways to make subscriptions by the leagues on behalf of their teams a desirable value proposition. This will be by demonstrating that use of Roster Point leads to full rosters on the teams; therefore, the teams will not (have to) drop out of the league, and the league maintains full participation and full league fees from all teams. Hosting Events Starting in March 2017, in partnership with Sport Testing Inc. Roster Point will hold a combine with expected 100 players. These players will be automatically registered on the website where they’ll be able to access their scouting report. Roster Point has plans to host other events such as a yearly hockey tournament for minor hockey & junior hockey players and an annual hockey convention. Keywords When advertising Roster Point, the following keywords are used in social media, articles/posts, interviews, and face-to-face meetings: • service that matches skilled ‘Midget’ and ‘Junior’ aged hockey players with Junior hockey teams looking for players to fill their open roster spots • matching players with teams is a manual and time-consuming process • facilitate users finding each other through self-service searches of player and team profiles • custom website platform to help hockey players find new career advancement opportunities and to help recruiting hockey teams find new prospects • RP increases opportunities for athletes to compete and participate in games/events • “FIND YOUR PLAYER – FIND YOUR TEAM” and “IT’S YOUR SHOT…TAKE IT!” • Recruiting, Player Acquisition, Team Finder, Opportunity Matcher. • “NHL celebrates 100th season in 2017. Let's make this year one of revolution in the industry by transforming how players and teams interact!” In addition to marketing and promotion is the actual build of new features that will enhance the users experience on site. A market opportunity exists for Roster Point Hockey that up until now has only been service by one supplier. The incumbent has had this business for a very long time and not only do I believe but his actual clients have said that he must go.Development of an App is something that is a necessity for Roster Point. I have different customers, I have Hockey Parents, I have Hockey Players, I have Hockey Teams and I have Hockey Scouts. The website is basically in a chicken or the egg like state right now. Without the Parents and Players I won't get the Teams and Scouts and they are funding the site. The exact opposite stands true as well. Platform Features Verification of Player Profile With the click of a button, our API with Elite Prospects populates player profile with all their playing history and stats for players 13+. We are looking at other organizations to help with this verification process. Ranking System Teams can use a 5 Star Rating system. This isn’t based on a player’s talent, but on the completion of a player’s profile and playing history. A Player with a 5 Star rating will be one with a full profile, answered all the questions, put up 3 videos, played a high level of hockey (AAA). Login Individuals can us social login to reduce the need for multiple user names and passwords for different online services. Multiple Team Users Accounts Allows teams to manage multiple user accounts with separate log-ins. Includes, Admin screens for user management, user role definition and ability to charge teams for this feature. Audit Logging Logs all transaction and actions of users within the application. Helps with troubleshooting and traceability. Integration with Google Analytics Provides the ability to get detailed statistics of the demographics and application usage stats of the user base facilitating the ability to offer targeted services. Automated Notifications and Reminders. Ca be utilized to remind subscribers of events such as pending subscription renewals. Integrated Blog Provides users with updates, current events and hockey news. Content Management System Provides the ability to manage and update all content on every public facing screen within the application. Geo-location Searches A geo-location search ability (ie. Teams within 200km of my current location). Payment Uses secure online merchant services through Stripe. Payments will come from credit cards in US Funds. DEVELOPMENT REQUIREDPlayer Development. This section will be found in the players profile and it will allow the player to upload his Combine Testing Results. We have formed a partnership with Sport Testing and we'll be running combines for players all over North America and Europe. The players test scores will be uploaded to his or her profile so scouts and teams can see these. Also in the Player Development section will be Schedule My Combine which will allow the player who hasn't been to a combine yet to view a calendar of up coming combines and register for one. The final piece of the Player Development section will be Scouting Reports, teams and scouts love to see these on players and up to know players would never see their own reports, only the teams and scouts could view this information. Now with the scouting report on their players profile he can see what he needs to improve on, and with his test scores benchmarked against the top players at his current level he can start to plan his work outs accordingly and he'll know exactly what he needs to improve on. Just like Schedule My Combine, if a player has not been scouted or doesn't have any reports to upload he can Schedule My Scouting Report . We will have an arrangement with a scouting company that will provide this service for the player at a nominal fee. This technology doesn't exist for players, not in an all in one profile scenario anyways. This leads me to the need for this type of new technology. Currently there is a company called RinkNet who is owned by Hockey Tech, RinkNet has owned the top level of junior scouting resources and player information resource business for many years. There system is just very old and antiquated and doesn't serve the teams real needs like Roster Point can.Having the following new development pieces added to Roster Point will put us further out of our competitions reach. Creation of IOS and Android App. My target audience is between 15 and 20. These millenials tend to want to only use apps they can download from the on line store. Player Development - Test Scores and Scouting reports. Have a Team Player Development feature for individual teams can measure there own prospects including future prospects that they would like to keep an eye on. New Front Website Page - showing more interactive stuff such as videos on the mental part of the game through a feed to another partners website - Mentally Charged. A Twitter Feed, an Active Player carousel showing featured players on the website, a Team Carousel for the same purpose, Current Scouting news as well. 24 hour Verification - Currently we have some teams and players creating bogus accounts so a feature that would stop profiles from going live right away so we can do our due diligence before launching the profile. More messaging capabilities - currently teams can have up to 4 other users on their account but there is no messaging between them. I'd also like to see players able to message players and teams message other teams. Creating a social hockey Network. New User - Scout user needs to be created so they can have their own rules around the site. I currently add them as a team and they can do anything a team does but I am not a fan of players constantly receiving messages from scouts. Adding more player information such as Education grades, a comments section for teachers and advisors and the ability to upload report cards and SAT scores. A Scheduling system will enhance the users experience so scouts or teams could see when a player is playing next. Additional research by user experience professionals and investigation in to RinkNet's inner working are required. The current contract that RinkNet is enjoying is worth $18 Million dollars and it is renewed year after year because there isn't any other business even close to challenging them. Roster Point is more than close, we are right on their heels and we have more up to date features to offer the teams. The sudden emergence of getting a contract of this size would cripple us if the right people weren't in place to deal with the flow of business. I have been actively looking for key team members to join Roster Point when the time is right. Risks and challenges STRATEGIC PLAN - RISKS AND MANAGEMENT RISK: Retraction of supporting from existing strategic partners due to insufficient benefit received. MANAGEMENT: We’re open with our company’s goals and actions. If a partner intends to withdraw their support, we will engage with them to discuss if we can make them reperceive the benefits they We’re open with our company’s goals and actions. If a partner intends to withdraw their support, we will engage with them to discuss if we can make them reperceive the benefits they receive by supporting our cause. Should a strategic partner withdraw, we will evaluate whether we need to substitute the partner. RISK: Roster Point cannot find strategic partners to meet its goals. MANAGEMENT: Although it is theoretically possible, management of Roster Point believes that due to the efficiency and effectiveness our platform creates in the player recruitment process it is unlikely that we will face this risk. RISK: Users of the platform use tracker blocker. MANAGEMENT: We rely on Google Analytics for data to guide our strategy to reach potential customers. Google Analytics relies on web surfers allowing Google and other data aggregators like Facebook Connect, Twitter Data to collect this information on them. There are browser plug-ins that selectively block these data aggregators. Fortunately, this is not a phenomenon that has large following. We will continue to monitor trends in this area however. RISK: User base does not grow fast enough to keep up with operating costs. MANAGEMENT: The company has an MVP that registered & lost users find essential and the only issue they experienced with the site is lack of a high number of users. Roster Point is aggressively working on reaching a critical mass. Roster Point also hired a part-time CFO in December 2016 who is actively monitoring and advising on cost control. RISK: User base grows “too” fast MANAGEMENT: When the user base growth is accompanied with need for interaction with users via phone/email Roster Point will have access to interns through local employment centres and the Capstone program of local colleges/universities. Roster Point will be able to meet demand in terms of human resources. RISK: Roster Point is hacked and user confidence is shaken. MANAGEMENT: The company is in the start-up phase and does not have high value information that would attract a hack. This will change in the future and the company will use the security features available to it then. Unfortunately, there is no way to prevent such event as even large corporations as LinkedIn have their users’ information stolen. RISK: Users’ profiles are out-of-date, inaccurate or lack the information that users want to see. MANAGEMENT: The company motivates its users to keep their info up-to-date by general and targeted requests. RISK: Roster Point’s MVP is a service that potential users want to access via mobile devices instead of or more than a personal computer. MANAGEMENT: The company intends to build a mobile app for iOS and Android. One intern has this on his to-do list. RISK: A copycat replicates the Roster Point platform. MANAGEMENT: Such a turn of events would validate the utility of our platform. Roster Point would increase its marketing efforts to make the target markets know that we are the pioneers of this technology. MARKETING PLAN - RISKS AND MANAGEMENT RISK: Visitors get bored of the content MANAGEMENT: Roster Point will constantly monitor social media and pay attention to what types of information and articles get the most likes and produce or link to such source. RISK: Visitors find opportunity outside of Roster Point MANAGEMENT: When user is suddenly inactive after an intense search for opportunity an automated message will be sent to the user to advise RP of whether they found an opportunity. RISK: Roster Point suffers a reputational damage due to irate user MANAGEMENT: Roster Point uses Google Alerts that continuously scans the internet for negative words about Roster Point and if negative comment is found Roster Point will respond immediately by correcting the mistake or helping the user within our resources. RISK: Roster Point does not show up in the top matches on Google with the right keywords MANAGEMENT: Google changes its search algorithm 500–600 times annually. Roster Point regularly monitors an online source that tracks Google Algorithm Change History to inform its SEO efforts. OPERATIONAL & MANAGEMENT PLAN - RISKS AND MANAGEMENT RISK: Our platform was programmed in multiple coding languages and it may be difficult for Roster Point to find competent programmer(s) to change and add features. MANAGEMENT: The company has dealt with two programming service providers to date. Having the site proprietary code makes it costly whenever change is needed. Potentially converting the site to WordPress-based site is under consideration. RISK: Regulations especially related to privacy and security of personal information may change in a way that renders part(s) of Roster Point’s platform legally inoperable. MANAGEMENT: We follow the (re)action of majors in the industry (LinkedIn, Twitter, eBay, Facebook) as per their annual report as they’d be the most affected. RISK: Roster Point is unable to attract talented personnel MANAGEMENT: Roster Point has been able to attract talent in data entry, marketing, and financial management to date even with limited financial resources. The Canadian labour market is still demand-controlled. RISK: Failure to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our business results. MANAGEMENT: Roster Point’s platform was programmed in a set of computer languages. It is a proprietary and complex system. Although we have not copyrighted the system we believe the complexity of it protects us sufficiently for now. In addition, should our technology be copied it would validate the utility of our technology. RISK: Roster Point may be subject to litigation due to breaking statutes or regulations MANAGEMENT: Roster Point’s first line of defence is its corporate lawyer. The second line of defence is its ability to consult authoritative blogs by privacy lawyers and avoid the commonest mistakes. The third line of defence is the general liability insurance Roster Point has. RISK: Roster Point may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. MANAGEMENT: First, Roster Point makes effort to make the operation as lean as practical. Second, Roster Point seeks out services that cost as little as possible. Third, Roster Point attempts to get contra deals. Fourth, Roster Point is actively looking for government grants for it operation that are targeted at Aboriginal businesses, entrepreneurs, and technology companies. The current funding and financing environment in Canada is favourable and the risk is more that Roster Point cannot access capital fast enough to move in the direction of opportunity in the desired scope and timing. RISK: Technical problems prevent roster Point from delivering its services MANAGEMENT: Roster Point’s platform exists in two copies: one on the website and one with the developer. Should a technical problem occur the platform will be rolled back to the last functional version at the developer. RISK: Roster Point adopts terms, policies, or procedures related to areas such as user data that are perceived negatively by existing or prospective users. MANAGEMENT: Roster Point will follow the majors in the industry regarding user data. It will monitor user behaviour on Google Analytics and social media and effect change if the change is not received positively by users. FINANCIAL PLAN - RISK AND MANAGEMENT RISK: Roster Point is unable to creates sales to cover ongoing operating expenses MANAGEMENT: The company hired a part-time CFO in December 2016 who is monitoring and controlling costs. In addition, he is actively looking for grants and other equity and debt financing options. RISK: Roster Point will be unable draw revenues from third-party advertisement on its online platform and mobile app. MANAGEMENT: A total of 16% of worldwide smartphone users use ad blockers. In Canada, 10 to 30% of people online use ad blockers. The troubling aspect of this phenomenon is that the high earners are the ones that block ads more. A (partial) solution to this risk is that Roster Point allow (only) native advertisement. That is because “People don’t mind advertising as long as it’s relevant,” Roster Point will keep abreast of trends in this area and strive to keep advertised content close to what users go to the website for. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter