Simple Strap - Step by StepWhy?I always carry the same few items with my iPad or sketch book. I like to be organised and have things to hand when and where I need them. I sketched out a few ideas on my iPad using paper 53 and purchased some material on eBay to create the first prototype Simple Strap using a lot of safety pins. Early days Project ParametersI have tried launching a number of products over the years; it is in my nature to over engineer. This time I set myself some clear guidelines based entirely on previous experience. Must serve a purpose - be useful Simple design using available materials and techniques One piece with no assembly required (for you or me) Only available in black Cheap to post anywhere in the world Less than 5mm thick Fits in a standard letter envelope Quality material and manufacture Affordable - less than a coffee or 2 Entire project must fit in a shoe box Short lead time (< 4 weeks) for additional stock Shoe Box - Project Problems, challenges & opportunitiesEven the simplest design will present some problems. Selecting the right materials, manufacturer, design, images, tension, pocket size etc. A satisfying process of elimination, be prepared to spend a lot of time sorting out the finer details. The biggest issue was frayed ends, early prototypes became fluffy where the elastic was cut, soft but not very effective. Options to resolve included gluing, folding, heat gun and covering. Covering both internal and external cut ends with thin strips of ribbon stops fraying and increases the strength due to the additional stitching required.Functional Prototypes & SamplesThis is never cheap but always essential. Supplier communications need to be maintained at all times making full use of mobile communications you can see what you are getting before you receive it, good suppliers will offer genuine advice based on experience. Samples Testing, testing 1,2,3,4....... The only way to know if something works is to give some away (free) and ask for unbiased feedback. Most importantly who still uses the strap after a week or a month (most but not all). Decisions made during this period: branding needs to be simple, black is OK, oh and 75mm wide straps are more suited for use in a gymnasium.Research EverythingKnow every cost: Stock (all sizes), postage, import duty, tax, weight, transport, branding, storage, software, marketing and finally Kickstarter fees. Based on sales there will also be income tax if sales go well. Now and only now can you assess price and feasibility. Know your price breaks, request multiple quantities and sizes.FlexibilityI have tried to make the pockets as flexible as possible, being all elastic the pockets will stretch and grip most items. With pocket sizes of 20mm, 30mm and 60mm there are clear candidates for Simple Strap usage. You will need to make sure that any items aren't too big or too small especially if you are planning to use the strap on your mobile phone or similar items - "testing testing 1,2,3,4...."The finished articlePhew! I am glad I opted for simple. It meets my original project criteria and I am ready to go. I hope you find this a useful summary of 'product to market'. You will always need optimism and perseverance. Simple Strap MarketingThis is the hard part, I haven't mastered marketing and promotion. The following link leads to a site where like minded innovators commit to supporting other projects on Kickstarter; a great idea http://kickingitforward.org Risks and challenges Risk mitigation complete. I have the sample stock ready to go and the ability to call off additional stock within just a couple of weeks. No technical hurdles to overcome. Functionality proven and testing complete. The funding will allow me to create my first full order and sort out logistics for a speedy delivery. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter