Locapour is a show that celebrates locally brewed craft beer.Think of the show as the "No Reservations" for the craft beer world. There's a guy, Mike Langford, who travels around and explores all sorts of great locally brewed beers while chatting it up with some local beer geeks at some kick ass bars and such.On the surface the show is simple and may seem like little more than an excuse for Mike to get ripped on camera. But while that is certainly a nice benefit that's not the real story. The truth is Mike is on a mission to start a Locapour Movement with this show.Local Craft Beer Is Craft Beer The Way It Was Meant To BeLocal beer is better for the economy, the environment and in most cases it's better beer because it's fresher than the beer that's been shipped all over the country. Local beer is also much more likely to represent the character of the community in which it was brewed and is much more apt to pair well with local food."Think about it...the craft brewer who made the beer lives here. There's something special about that." ~ Mike LangfordWhy is Locapour raising money via Kickstarter?We have been shooting for a few months here in Austin and we are having fantastic success. The Austin craft beer scene is really hopping and we would likely never run out of new beers, venues and people to feature on Locapour.But we have a grander vision than being the official craft beer show for Austin. We want to explore what other cities have to offer and share those experiences with craft beer fans around the world. That way you'll know where to go, who to see and what to order when you visit any city in America. But travel, production and marketing costs aren't insignificant and we are still in the early stages of scaling Locapour so why not reach out to craft beer fans everywhere and include them in our journey. The rewards we have crafted all offer ways for you to be part of the Locapour Movement at levels ranging from the equivalent of buying a friend a pint to seeing the show as a powerful way to showcase one's brewery or pub. Warning: Watching Locapour may cause an irrational and irresistible urge to consume craft beer.Below are a few of our early episodes (see more at http://locapour.tv/ ) and we expect you will experience a few things:1. You will feel like you are there with Mike Langford and guest. The cinematic style is meant to be immersive.2. You will feel like you can reach out and grab the beer. You were warned in big bold letters above about that.3. These episodes are short and meant for easy drinking. In the future we may expand episode to a longer format but for now people are loving that each episode is one beer long. Risks and challenges There are two primary risks associated with producing Locapour beyond Austin: 1) Cost Overruns - We may find that it is substantially more expensive than anticipated to shoot episodes on location away from our home base. We are minimizing this risk by keeping our production lean and lightweight with an eye on growing as we scale audience and revenue. We are also targeting other cities in order of interest by our Kickstarter backers and audience. We won't try to tackle 20 cities in 30 days. We will likely pick a city each month for the first year to keep things predictable and manageable. 2) Audience Acquisition - Like all shows we need an audience that love what we produce. Early indications are that people are really excited about Locapour. With the craft beer market growing as rapidly as it is and the passion that craft beer fans have we expect Locapour to resonate in a big way. However, people are funny creatures. We'll never know if Locapour will be a hit beyond Austin until we give it a go. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter