Vinyl is a passion of mine. I buy all my favourite music on vinyl, I play vinyl in my room, I DJ vinyl. The artists that inspire me have released their music on this format and since I started producing a few years ago, I have always aimed to be able to join those ranks and be able to put my music out in a physical medium.In April of last year, a record label I had always aimed to release on ('Wheel & Deal Records') approached me looking to release a 12" single featuring my tracks; 'Antimatter' and 'Parallax', with 'Antimatter' being remixed by one of my close friends, Wayfarer, to accompany the release. I was obviously over the moon to tick off these huge goals of mine and over the course of the last 10 months, myself and the label had been getting everything ready for the release. Unfortunately, in the last week, we have had issues with the distributor for the label which has meant they are no longer able to afford to press my release on vinyl. I'm absolutely devastated by the news, to have come so close but so far from achieving such a goal. Over the last few days I have considered my options and have decided to look into pressing the release myself and selling it as a limited, one-off run of 300 copies (as this is the minimum a pressing plant is able to produce). However, in the last month I have lost my job and do not have the ability to fund the project myself.That's where you come in.With the money raised from this Kickstarter project, I plan on being able to release my music on 12" vinyl. The records will be black, standard weight white labels and I will be hand stamping and numbering each one. I want to say a huge thank you to anyone that's willing to pledge some funds towards helping me achieve this goal and hope that I can meet my target.- Tom Risks and challenges The main challenge I believe I will be facing will be the waiting times involved in each step of the process. It can take up to 14 days to have a test pressing ready and a further 14 days afterwards to have the full run pressed. Due to this, the minimum amount of time it would take to get the project off the ground would be around one month. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter