We are moving PillBox preorders to getthepillbox.com Thank you for supporting our campaign. We have collected 14 093$ so far. Most importantly, we have received a lot of positive feedback from our backers, people taking medications and doctors. We have also established many valuable connections with Medical and Technology specialists. During the campaign, we have acquired two new investors, who will help us move the project to the higher level. This allows us to finish PillBox much faster and under the supervision of specialists from the medical and technological industry. However, at this point we are compelled to continue our work outside the Kickstarter. Thank you all once again for your support. Backers, who have ordered PillBox on Kickstarter, can still order the device at getthepillbox.com. We will send you a promotional code that allows the purchase of PillBox at the Super Early Bird Price. Don’t forget to Follow us on Twitter and Facebook to find out more about PillBox and dr Poket platform development process.Lots of thanks and Stay tuned!dr Poket TeamThe PillBox – an innovative way to make taking meds easier. Are you one of those grandchildren kept awake at night by the fear of your beloved grandmother not taking her medication? Is every time spent with your sick father about managing heap of his pills? Do you simply want your loved ones to have the best possible care whether you're around or not? There's a new member of your family that will make sure that right pills are taken at the right time by the right person - PillBox. It provides full synchronization with our platform - dr Poket. Thanks to the PillBox, you will never forget about your medicines, and the way you take them will be the safest way possible. The device has modular structure - it’s easy to take it to a pharmacy for a refill. The Pillbox supports ‘multiple patients - one caregiver’ system, suited for wide spectrum of caregivers - from mothers to nurses. Dr Poket was designed to assist your whole family. A modular structure makes the PillBox easily expandable. If, for example,your daughter catches a flu, you can simply add another module and stop worrying. The PillBox offers full support for blind people. They will be informed about an approaching dosage with sound notification. After that, a tactile edge and a Braille notificator will lead them to the proper module, containing desired medicine. To simplify the access to key information about use of drugs ,dr Poket app is equipped with quick barcode scanner. It allows to quickly find out if particular medication can be used with alcohol, how it can affect the pregnancy and breastfeeding.We also provide with information about ability to control mechanical vehicles during treatment. App automatically checks if the drugs that are actually taken do not interact harmfully with each other. Besides reminding about needed dosages app informs about the need of new prescription or refill and indicates the nearest pharmacy where you can buy meds. Additionally user can find information about the lowest price or substitute. During holidays - it will help you find the substitute for med, available in different regions. an application available on: iOS, Windows Phone 8+ and Android access through: App or Pc/Mac (Any device with Web Browser) an integrated Bluetooth & Wi-Fi modules color display built-in SD card storage built-in speaker a rechargeable battery an operating panel an independent microchip in every module four-step verification confirming drug delivery Real Time synchronization and smart notifications The Device is fully synchronized with dr Poket platform, that will be accessible for the PillBox users. Our system gives you the possibility to manage all your medical history data independently, without any borders and requirements. Dr Poket is using an existing and very detailed drug database. The system will automatically inform you about a possible interactions and precautions. What is more, you can quickly check how particular medicine can affect your driving skills or if it shouldn’t be used during a pregnancy and breastfeeding. An interactions with alcohol are also easy to check. Additionally, the PillBox was designed with special care about our youngest. The PillBox is childproof - we have developed security functions preventing accidental access to the meds by the kids. You can choose a mode in which dispensing of meds requires confirmation from your phone. Whole project and the type of stored data requires great responsibility. Solutions we are using include: geo-redundant HIPAA Compliant secure cloud servers, secured and encrypted connections, automatic backup and smart notifications system with latest technology. All of them are necessary to provide maximum security and continuous access - things of crucial importance, whenever a health is concerned. We would like to thank you for your support for creating innovative medical solution. As a reward, we offer you the following packages: We didn’t forget about the youngest ones! To help them get through sick days, we have prepared customizedmodules that will make them smile! We are doctors, engineers and designers. Our idea is to create a well engineered telemedical solution accessible and affordable for everyone, everywhere! We want dr Poket to be in homes all around the world. We have friends with a chronic diseases. We know that they are wasting a lot of of time and energy on remembering right doses and sticking to all schedules. What's worse, there is a risk of unforeseen consequences when taking a different kinds of drugs. For sure doctors are aware of that risk and willing to inform about it, but what if they don't know about some pills you are taking? The problem also includes our grandparents and parents, whom we want to support in everyday life.As a young people we feel great responsibility for them. The PillBox is our solution for today's problems! We're young people with passion for creating new medical solutions, with deep knowledge about how to make it right! Look at our professional certificates below proving our skills. Purchase a needed form and begin a production on a larger scale, Get contacts to the clinics, organizations and individuals, who also care about development of the telemedicine and comfort of treatment process Find a business partners to expand the boundaries of a 'Safe and affordable treatment' idea Back our project on Kickstarter Join us and help us in development of our project Spread the word! Tell your friends about the dr Poket project Share our Kickstarter campaign on social media Subscribe and Follow our social media pages Feel free to contact us at support@drpoket.com https://drpoket.com http://getthepillbox.com https://twitter.com/drpokethttps://www.facebook.com/drpokethttps://plus.google.com/+drPoket/ Risks and challenges When idea of PillBox was born in our minds, the biggest challenge for us, was to develop a reliable mechanism in the "heart" of every module. We had to be sure that the delivered meds won't get stuck inside or block the whole module. We were working hard, because without being completely sure that the mechanism is safe and reliable we wouldn't risk endangering other people lives. As we all know, every country have different medications available on the market. They differentiate from each other in shapes and sizes. Our goal was to create as much universal mechanism as it is possible to make our product available to use not only in the US, but in every country where there is a need for our solution. We are aware that it could take us a little longer than planned to obtain complete database of different meds, but we are already working on it and we know at which stage we are and where we are about to be. We’ve tested a lot of different mechanisms and ideas to make it 100% reliable. After the creation of fourth prototype we are already sure that our invention is working reliably,stable and is universal to use with different type of pills changing only one element in the whole construction. It gives us the opportunity to create a well engineered solution, independent from geographic borders Now, when we have fully working prototype, the common risk that we need to be aware of is moving the prototype into real product. After a few experiments we know that we have more than one way to take our PillBox into the production stage. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter