BE A PART OF THIS HILARIOUSLY MOVING, INDEPENDENT COMEDY! Think Chocolat meets Lars and the Real Girl. Relationship Status makes us laugh while exploring the struggles to banish loneliness through online social networks and the re-discovery of the power of *IRL connection. (*In Real Life) Charlie struggles with his own relationship with his Blackberry-addicted father. He fears social networks only turn everyone into self-absorbed zombies – and he fears for his father’s newspaper’s survival if the Internet comes to his small Minnesota town. But “technology activist” Penny sees it as her duty to connect the town to the outside world, hiding her own lonely search for love online. She’s gone so far as to start mapping the town for Google Street View with a camera set-up jerry-rigged to the top of her beat-up minivan! Charlie and Penny couldn’t be more opposed in their efforts, but the two find themselves oddly united to defend free speech when a group of radicals try to have their way. Romance ensues. GET IN ON THE START OF THIS UNIQUE FEATURE FILM EXPERIENCE. Filmmaking is an expensive venture. As part of our grass-roots approach, we have set a modest goal of $15,000 for Kickstarter. While we certainly don’t need $200M to make Relationship Status the next Star Wars, WE’D LOVE TO BEAT OUR GOAL BY 10 AND RAISE $150,000. Are you in? If you’ve ever wanted to be part of a film, this is your chance! For only $15 or more, you are truly part of the journey. You get regular, exclusive weekly updates through our Production Diary, so you can feel like part of the crew, check out behind-the-scenes exclusives, and see where your pledge is helping make this project a reality. WE ALREADY HAVE A TALENTED TEAM READY TO GO! ACTORS Richard Riehle (perhaps best known for his role as the staple-hording Tom Smykowski from Office Space) is on board, and final discussions with Adam West (the original Batman!) are underway. The team is also hard at work trying to secure other A-list actors to work with fresh, new talent to make this performance one not to miss. For those who pledge $15 or more and receive the weekly Production Diary will find out casting details as discussions are finalized! MUSIC Iron and Wine (ironandwine.com) are providing their entrancing music – including 15 yet-to-be released tracks! – to be the score for our film. You will recognize their music from Twilight, Juno, In Good Company, and Garden State. We are very excited to collaborate with Sam Bean and the band! PRODUCTION Peter Bean, our Director (TV’s The Soup and several pieces for NBC, Virgin Airlines and others), our Executive Producer, Joel Newton (The Kids Are All Right) and their teams have delivered several festival favorites awarded for their creativity and unique explorations. Their leadership makes this project a professional, high-quality independent film. Check out Peter Bean’s acclaimed short film, ReCalculating, below for a taste exploring some similar themes. LOCATION The team has already coordinated locations and support from the great folks in Adams, Minnesota to provide the perfect backdrop for our story. We’re ready the brave the Minnesota cold for shooting – and to bring you along for the ride in our Production Diary updates. WHY KICKSTARTER? We wanted to make this film as a grass-roots effort, sharing the experience behind-the-scenes with you throughout. We know filmmaking can often seem like a distant, secret experience, and wanted to remove a bit of the mystery through this collective effort with you. Thank you so much for your support! We can’t wait to get started on this project with you! Risks and challenges Challenges in filmmaking come with the job, but I've always found that these obstacles only enhance our story and how we tell it. And like most endeavors, a good film is about planning and preparation. We are coming to you only now that our script is finished, our production team is set, and our location is secured. Your funding will go a long way in helping us lock in casting and in starting to shoot. RELEASE DATE The biggest risk is our final release date. The story is set in the winter in Minnesota, and, as always, is dependent on actors’ availability and schedule. A great story is one that is strong enough to stand on its own, and we believe we have a story that does just that. We want to enrich the story with the best acting possible while reaching a sizable audience. Securing top actors may give us the compelling cast we all want, but may also require us to alter schedules to accommodate, resulting in release in 2017 instead of 2016. If a change in schedule becomes necessary to make sure your contribution produces the best product, we will be sure to communicate every step of the way, so you know exactly how your contribution is making this project possible. Thank you! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter