New England Libraries is a photography project geared towards preserving the beauty and culture of small town libraries in New England. Over the course of the next year, I will travel to small towns across New England, searching for libraries that offer unique and charming qualities. I will photograph these places using a 4×5 large format camera and make prints in the darkroom at Plymouth State University. At the end of the journey, my goal is to publish a photo book that will showcase the traditional beauty found in New England libraries.Below, you will see an example of a large format camera, also known as a view camera. The negatives used in large format cameras produce clearer, deeper, and richer photographs than any other format in photography because they capture the most light. The view camera I will be using for New England Libraries will hold sheets of film that are 4x5 inches large—the most common size. In addition to the quality of large format photography, it is also the only camera that can reduce linear perspective distortion on site. View cameras are large, heavy cameras that require skill and patience to operate, forcing the photographer to to immerse herself in the process, resulting in more attentive and meditative photographs. I visited the Gilmanton Year Round Library in Gilmanton, NH earlier this spring and created the following photograph with a view camera. Gilmanton Year Round Library, Gilmanton, NH Libraries are an integral part to any community because they preserve and validate knowledge, making it freely available to everyone. They are unique institutions that foster growth and harness communal values. The libraries in New England have been evolving for generations, slowly adopting the qualities and characteristics of their individual surroundings, making each New England library a unique and essential part of its community. My goal is to seek out and document these places, creating photographs that will illuminate the idiosyncrasies of New England culture, and share them with people like you, connecting New England by a common thread.BudgetThe goal for my Kickstarter campaign is $13,600, an amount that includes all the costs I can predict. The complete budget for New England Libraries can be viewed here. Risks and challenges I'm excited about this project, but I also understand that it's an ambitious plan. I want to unveil the remote beauty of New England libraries, but this will require significant research, planning, and patience. One of my biggest fears is to capture a great photograph only to have it ruined. With this in mind, I will carry my digital camera with me and make duplicate copies of all the libraries, ensuring that every great picture will survive in at least one format. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter