Create a Facebook, cellphone app to offer quick and easy access where people and their friends or an entire community can share and use their skill set to complete certain needs that they have.Use Facebook to link with friends and neighbors. Possibly make a joint venture with Facebook or any people linking app (wassup and others)Also, a self promotion website using a Facebook like canvas to share the skills or search for them.Basic idea is to go back to old habits people have to look for help and support in exchange of a favor. Trade skills with little or no money involved.People will earn points based on the rating and on what they did.After performing a task from somebody they will get rated on the quality of the service, promptness and other skills.Each person's profile will contain his/hers skills and points and level accumulated.Based on the points you have, you can hire a person use them to get a skill from another person that you need.For example my friend is an amateur plumber and charges 20 points ($20) an hour to fix a leaking sink (that amount will be displayed and open on the app before contracting the service and its fixed and cannot be changed while or right after the job is performed). That is not including material which I can choose to buy or he can buy for me and charge a premium- this is agreed upon before the work starts in a quick binding message or small contract. I look him up on the app and I see how good he is as plumber and how much he charges. If he is good, I schedule him on the app for a certain amount of time an after he fixes my leak I award him the points(per the binding agreement) and a rating. The better rating the more points he has, the more points he can charge an hour to perform. Lets say I am lawyer and my friend now needs a lawyer he simply uses the points he earned as a plumber to pay for my lawyer fees i.e. 100 points an hour.You can also purchase points and add them to your profile.You can increase your hourly rate once you reach a top rating and you have enough demand.You cannot purchases skills or increase your rating with $$$.You can have multiple search filters: rating, cost, skill set,proximity, friendliness factor etc. Simple trade and skill exchange that involves little or no money and allows people to trade what they know.This should be tax free if you are using only points to do the job...if cash it is used then a proper receipt is needed and income tax should be paid... Risks and challenges -Find a suitable programmer to get the app going. -Market the idea and get Facebook to post it. -Privacy -Skill sharing accuracy -Need beta testing to see how the marker will catch on this - Needs to be on a large scale or have a lot of people in order to be very efficient and useful I am a project manager and I fulfill gas turbines through their manufacturing and installation. Although this more a of a software project I feel i can lead a team of 10 people to bring this idea to fruition. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter