When you want to look up the answer. You Google it.When you take a picture of your pet. You Jibby it.In 2011 Facebook deleted 89 million pet profiles.In the U.K, 1 in every 3 pet owners have social media related to their pet.When you think animal and online/ app, think Jibby. Animal + online/app = JibbyJibby is the easiest way to take a picture of your pet and have it upload directly to a profile on Jibby.Finally, a site that is 100% Animal focused.Humane societies will use Jibby to have quick and easy access to uploading animal profiles and pictures. This will greatly increase adoption rates, speed to adoption, and community involvement in local shelters.Jibby standard users can share pics with friends and family, and the local community if they choose. Users can share, comment, vote and be rewarded for their activity. Virtual badges are earned based on various levels of site activity, making the site both easy to use and fun to interact with.Users can elect to turn off various features and customize usage for their personal preferences.Weekly updates announce vote winners for funniest picture, best in class etc.Revenue will come from Pet Care, Pet Food, Pet Accessory, Pet Breeder, and other Pet related businesses can advertise on the site in certain sections and pay for membership that allows local communities to view their products/services. Jibby is also open to ethical sponsors.1,2,3 Jibby. The new best way to easily take your pet pictures, scrap book them online, and share with your family of friends.Jibby is a very social site that can also be tailored to be more like a private book of memories for pet lovers. Designed to appeal to everyone who loves animals, even those who are not technology friendly and do not like posting things out in the open on the internet.The internet is full of noise, most social sites all about us. We are boring. Our animals are amazing. Jibby focuses on the animals and has a positive energy around it. Finally, a place that makes you happy while you are browsing wonderful pictures of cute and loving animals. Bring the family closer together, share the story of your special pet, show it off, cherish its life, connect with other pet lovers, get involved in your local community and its humane societies. Help animals. That is the power of Jibby. The Story of JibbyMy dog's name is Kirby. My younger sister called it Jibby. A small Yorky that we love to death. The cute nickname seemed to fit well. Kirby is my mom's best friend and a big part of our family. When Kirby got sick I started to feel that her life could end at anytime. I started to gather photos and wish I had more. I wish I took the time to cherish Kirby and realize how compact and shortened an animals life and growth is, in comparison to our own. I wanted to be able to organize all the loving memories of Kirby and ensure Kirby always lived on. I wanted other family members and friends who could not be with Kirby to be able to share in our memories.Before I moved to Texas from Toronto, I was afraid to leave while Kirby was on her last legs. Roughly three weeks before I moved, Kirby had past.It was the same time period where I had decided to start developing Jibby and taking it very seriously. In some ways it was a sign. Kirby wanted me to know it was okay for me to move and grow. Kirby also left me believing Jibby would ensure she lived on forever. I told her I would make this for her when she was sick, this was enough motivation to burn one thousand suns.That is why Jibby will succeed. It has my heart and those of every other person who loves or has loved an animal. It's for Kirby, and every other persons Kirby in this world. It is also for every animal who deserves a chance to be a Kirby. I am tired of animals suffering and going unadopted and put down. Everyone deserves a loving home, Jibby can help make this happen. Risks and challenges Time and Funding are the challenge. The market is ripe. We need talented iOs and Android developers to help us get Jibby available for download. Then we will invest in generating traffic and users. Online support and events will be the key investments to help our app go viral quickly. We are committed to having a strong group of believers that Jibby is a billion dollar idea with tremendous social impact potential. We are looking for the right type of developers to put blood sweat and tears into this and make it everything it can be. The biggest challenge is ensuring we have the right team and the right speed to get this app live. Quality and the set of features are not compromised and we need to ensure our app gets into the approved Apple and Android stores. We also want to ensure we go live prior to Wuffstock events where we believe we can sign up 1000's of users per event stop. 100% committed to making Jibby successful. Billion dollar potential and saves animals. Win Win. This money is needed to hire the right talent for continued development and to get Jibby live. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter