We're SO close!!Dirty Red & The SoulShakers, a 4-piece, blues band from Oklahoma, are now in the final stages of production for their sophomore album, Cloudless Day! With a little dedication and perseverance, we already have the instrumental tracks recorded. We will now return to Bell Labs Recording Studio to record the lead vocal tracks, and continue working with Grammy winner Trent Bell and Blues Music Award winner, Chris Hardwick on mixing and mastering. Then it's off to the press! But YOU don't have to wait that long... Pledge support of $10 or more and you will have ADVANCED ACCESS to Cloudless Day AND your name in the credits!Our first Cloudless Day campaign last December brought incredible support (an average of almost a $100 per pledge!), but it was Christmas time, and as you may know, if you don't meet the goal, you don't get the funds, so we made some changes and kept it simple this time. A huge heartfelt thanks to all of our friends and supporters who pledged the first time around. Here's your chance to still be a part of bringing Cloudless Day into the world!dirtyredandthesoulshakers.compromotion by bzztmedia.comReward Information: NEW T-Shirts, bright red with glow-in-the-dark ink! Pretty Boy Package includes specially-designed playing cards and a 6oz flask! Close-up of flask design. How much have you had to drink? "Shake It Like It's Hotsauce!" Package - Choose between 4 different flavors! Sly Dawg custom slide-guitars! Choose from 3 or 4 string, and cigar-box or oil-can! Risks and challenges Life can be good at throwing a curve ball when we were expecting a fast pitch. That’s why any good plan must have a backup, room for adjustment when things don’t go quite the way the plan was laid out. There is no turning back now, this record must be made no matter what, and it will be made! We feel confident in the agenda we have laid out and the path this band is on. Still, unforeseen problems can arise, and though we feel we are prepared for anything that comes up, we except that some things can be out of our control. In such an event, all we can do is adjust and update our friends regularly on our progress. In the spirit of love and music, let us dwell in the positive, and let’s make this dream come true. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter