Welcome to my Kick starter! I am Alan Jacobson, 3D artist and photographer extraordinaire!My Kick starter is meant to launch a business as well as the launch of an epic photography journey... Lets start with my storyI started off an avid gamer. So much so that it became my career. I wanted to be a part of the gaming industry and create awesome environments as part of a team. I worked with the company Pixo Entertainment for 1 year and took part in a few minor games and several under appreciated motion comics and mobile apps. It was sad to watch as months of hard work went by to produce a final product that barely saw the light of day. I kept working and strengthening my portfolio toward a better and brighter career.. All the while a pain in my back started to grow and take over. I found that all of my computer work had given me an early case of severe back pain making it nearly impossible to work an 8 hour day without being medicated. I had to come up with a plan.. I found a new passion in travel and photography. Using my 3D skills I could work on a new unique style of photography which would combine 3D with HDR photography to create epic shots.I have now created 2 new photography series that I want to add more to. As part of my project I am building a customized teardrop camper that I can use to sleep in as well as store my photography equipment for extended trips and to have for shows! (Image link video contains strong language) If I am to reach my goal of $8,000 here is where that money will go toward! up to $2000 toward the creation and shipment of all rewards $1000 toward the construction of my trailer $400 Tablet meant to be a register for art shows. $2000 high end printer plotter to develop high end prints on my own. $600 Printing paper/ Supplies/ Ink $2000+ on travel expenses/ New Prints! STRETCH GOALS - If the Kickstarter goes beyond $10,000 Here are some additional rewards that may come of that success!$15,000 I will invest in one of the great 3D Printers featured from another one of the many good Kickstarters and begin creating custom miniature 3D Models of the various battles and locations.$20,000 I will go International!! At the $20,000 mark I will cast another vote upon all reward holders for a trip over seas. This will be to apply my Master Mascot and Empire Strikes series to an even more broad spectrum of an audience! This kind of trip would request support of fans at a great level of gratitude!!REWARDS Risks and challenges I have always had a fear of failure. Some times so much so that I don't even approach an idea. This is something I have been back and forth about for some time. its finally time for commitment. I can see where my business could take a turn for the worse so I have to personally get this launched and put my full effort forth! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter