Rad Rodgers is an action-packed 4th-wall busting 3D side-scroller inspired by the precision platformers of the 90's, powered by today's Unreal Engine 4.We are Interceptor Entertainment, a young, experienced team of developers, making it our personal mission to recreate our childhood favorite genre of game; an action-packed scrolling platformer with two characters: twelve year-old Rad Rodgers and his console-come-to-life ball busting buddy, Dusty.Dusty is an overused last generation video game console who's likely just one restart away from a red-ring-of-death. He rides along in Rad's backpack, providing (sometimes questionable) verbal support, and lays waste with his punching power gloves.We feel that this mostly forgotten genre -- which ruled for ten strong years beginning in the mid-80's -- is in dire need of a revival using today's most modern engine, Unreal 4, with a Rick and Morty sense of humor. Rad is a rambunctious but spirited young boy who maybe plays too many video games. After dozing off at the tail end of a long night of gaming, Rad awakens to find his dusty old console has turned itself back on. Suddenly a vortex emerges and he's sucked into his TV, where he finds himself the star in his very own video game adventure.Dusty is Rad's good-hearted but foul-mouthed, now-sentient game console. His clock speed isn't what it used to be, but what he lacks for in megahertz he makes up for with experience and attitude!Rad & Dusty's adventure begins in the First World, taking them through seven dangerous stages of action-packed, humor-filled, hardcore platforming fun. This decaying jungle world has been infected by a fierce corruption, and it's up to the unlikely buddy-duo Rad and Dusty to save the jungle's inhabitants and restore the Elder Tree as guardian of the land. Weapons: Dusty arms Rad with a variety of radical bad-ass weaponry. The Bolt Blaster has unlimited ammo, is easy to use, and more than enough firepower to get the job done. The Phoenix Cannon shoots out a fiery bird whose wingspan lights enemies ablaze as it flies by. There are 5+ weapons in this first chapter, with more to come. Sounds & Music: Our composer Andrew Hulshult combined his years of musical experience (both performing and writing) with his passion for retro-style gaming to create an amazing and authentic soundtrack for the game complete with MIDI-inspired music... And synthesizers!The Pixelverse: While Rad and Dusty are a great team, only Dusty can enter the electrified Pixelverse -- a dangerous spacetime-breaking region that exists behind the game world. Dusty enters the Pixelverse when necessary to repair glitches in the running game world, allowing both Rad & Dusty to continue their journey. Classic Easter Eggs: The game features hard-to-find collectibles in sometimes even harder-to-find classic secret rooms. Use your precision platforming skills to collect 'em all. Voice Acting: Dusty is voiced by none other than incomparable industry legend Jon St John. Rad's human counterpart is breakout child star Hunter Pratt. The two distinct personalities nurture a rare and cherished bond that can be felt throughout the entire game. Humor & Gore: Rad Rodgers may appear to be an 'E for Everyone' game at first glance, but it's not. The explicit language, SFW adult themes, and the sometimes overkill action plants it firmly in the 'M for Mature' category (actual ESRB/PEGI/USK rating still pending). Unreal Engine 4: Powered by Epic's incredible Unreal Engine 4, we're able to put more details than ever before into Rad Rodgers. A Palette of Levels: You can't get bored with these levels -- each one has a completely new visual style with its own set of graphics, and music! The vibrant living world of Rad Rodgers is steeped with mystery, revelation, and of course, perilous peril. Below are some examples of early concept art for the game that describes the kind of variety for which we've strived. Click to view the concept art. There are a total of six unique environments planned for the first world of Rad Rodgers, but check out the Stretch Goals to find out where else we could take this! Click to view the screenshots. We'll just let Andrew speak for himself about the behind-the-scenes process that went into scoring Rad's retro tracks. Now just listen to his mind-meltingly mesmerizing sample tracks from the game! Rad Rodgers will be releasing on PC and PlayStation 4. We'd love to include Xbox One, Mac and Linux by adding them to stretch goals later in the campaign. A Stretch Goal -- As a bonus we've drawn up plans for an extended 2nd screen experience called Dusty's Surfatron. Players will have the option to play a challenging mobile game which takes place entirely in the Pixelverse, where Dusty can earn you power-ups and weapons that you can transfer back into Rad Rodgers in real-time. It's more than just a 2nd screen -- Dusty's Surfatron is an addicting, standalone endless runner, which will provide players who love these types of games an awesome extended experience.Dusty's Surfatron will be developed by our great partners at Not Even Entertainment, and will not be required to fully experience Rad Rodgers, but is a fun expansion to the universe we'd really love to bring you guys! Exclusive Artbook - You'll get the awesome physical artbook that includes a comic prologue as well as the level maps. Big Box - Get the rad-ass, retro Big Box Collector's Edition of the game containing all physical rewards. Exclusive Backer T-Shirt - We'll send you an exclusive backer T-Shirt in the size of your choice. Cartridge - This is a custom made Super Nintendo cartridge that has been converted to a USB drive that will hold a DRM free copy of the game for PC along with all other digital rewards. Limited Edition Figurine - You'll get an extremely limited figurine of Rad and Dusty. Mouse Pad - Get a limited edition mouse pad. Extremely Rare Sealed Apogee/3D Realms game - You get a really rare, boxed and sealed Apogee / 3D Realms game from the 90's. Interceptor Entertainment is an indie studio founded in 2011.We're currently located in Aalborg, Denmark, but have Team Members from all around the world. Our first title was a re-boot of the legendary first person shooter, "Rise of the Triad". We're a small and efficient team of both legacy- and new talents, and have more than 100 years of combined experience in the industry. We made it our goal to bring back the golden age of the games we used to love as kids, with new and innovative game mechanics, beautiful sound and graphics, and interesting characters with attitude.Our team have worked on a range of titles ranging from indie to AAA - including League of Legends, Evolve, Halo 5, Duke Nukem 3D, Call of Duty Black Ops, Max Payne and Rise of the Triad Meet the team behind Rad Rodgers below! We've put a lot of work into Rad Rodgers to get it to where it is today, but we need the Kickstarter community to help us cross the finish line. There's still a lot of work to be done with finishing up our levels, polishing our weapons, voice acting, and of course, quality assurance.Here's how we intend to spend your hard-earned money: It's super important that a precision platformer like Rad Rodgers *feels* just right. The controls must be tight and fluid, the puzzles intuitive, and the gameplay fun & challenging. A successful Kickstarter allows us to tighten the screws on every inch of this game. We have a number of social media sites where you can follow Rad Rodgers. Facebook: A good place to follow to have insight in the development of the game as well as future updates.https://www.facebook.com/radrodgers/ Reddit: Join our official subreddit. The best place to build and follow the Rad Rodgers community. https://www.reddit.com/r/radrodgers/ Twitter: Keep up to date with new trailer releases, trade shows and interviews. https://twitter.com/radrodgersSteam: Join the Steam community for the game.http://store.steampowered.com/app/353580 This project is promoted by Jellop, a direct response online advertising agency specializing in Kickstarter campaigns on Facebook Ads and Google AdWords. Risks and challenges Rad Rodgers has been under development for about 1 year now and we've come a long way with the first world and although game development can be difficult to get right, the team behind Interceptor has many years of combined experience. 3D Realms is co-producing, offering more than 20 years of experience in creating unique and appealing games. We would consider the risks low as the game will start beta testing very shortly after the Kickstarter campaign finishes, allowing backers to give their feedback. Interceptor has always listened intently to its fans and we continue to do so with Rad Rodgers. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter