Wow! THANK YOU EVERYONE.... We are 112% funded! I am overwhelmed with the love and support from you all. There have even been 15 NEW backers on this launch that have jumped on board. I'm thinking it's a possibility that we may even reach the previous goal of $5,000! :)It all started in the Spring of 2010. I was brokenhearted, and desperately trying to make sense of a recent breakup I was going through. I took a trip up to Washington to see my parents via train (30 hours!), and on the train ride back to L.A. I was asking God to give me something... anything to help me navigate my way through this time. It was on this LONG train ride, that I saw a vision of a bird and beaver. What I saw was each of these animals unsuccessfully trying to get the other to live in their environment. When I got back to L.A., I started writing songs like crazy and my sister-in-law started water-coloring the images to some of the songs. One day I thought... Hey, this is would be a great album! And so it began...About 7 months later, while looking for a piano player for the album I met my husband, Ryan. (I got a real sweet deal out of that one.) He agreed to produce my album, if I agreed to marry him. Okay, not really. But he did agree to produce it. And we did get married in September. That pretty much brings us up to date. We have been working our tails off on this album since fall, 2010. (If you have listened to my previous album or been following me since the beginning of my music career, this album might just surprise you. It actually has.... DRUMS!) We have spent a LOT of time on it, but it has taken that long to find the right sound and the right songs. We have recorded everything ourselves... which was a big undertaking and a huge learning experience. Now we need your help to get it mixed ($2,000), mastered ($1,000)I'm not asking for a hand out. I am willing to work for every dollar I am given by writing and covering songs for you, making you beanies, providing you with live entertainment.... and much more. Every pledge means the world to me!Thanks a million,Emily Ps. HUGE THANKS to Doug Wallace for shooting and editing this video. :)