WELCOME! Thank you so much for coming to our page. We're a team of young filmmakers who have a story to share with you and the world. We thank you for your support. Note From the DirectorI seek to tell stories that are timeless and unique. For "Serum", I set out to make a film with a complex back story, but with very little exposition, opting to have details trickle out slowly as the story unfolds. Some would say this is a dangerous way to construct a film. It requires faith in the audience to piece the story together themselves. I decided to tow that line because, as a lover of film myself, I appreciate when a film doesn't freely offer the information. Rather, I am forced to engage with the film to attempt to deconstruct it's complexities. I hope "Serum" has the same effect when we are finished with it.What We Plan To Do:The minds behind "Serum" have no shortage of stories that we wish to bring to an audience. Crafting compelling films is our calling and our passion, so we set out to make a film that allows us to realize this craft. "Serum" is stylish and sexy, it's engaging and elusive. But above all, it is an impressive showcase of the varied talents of it's cast and crew. We hope to show "Serum" to as wide an audience as possible in the hopes that it allows all of us to continue to make films together. Our funding goal is $2,000 simply in order to finish the film. Post production can become very costly when under a strict timeline. We believe Serum will show best at certain film festivals with deadlines in late spring 2016. For "Serum" to be a success, we will need to make those deadlines and garner attention at these festivals. That attention sets us down the path to making more films. CAST & CREW DIRECTOR: Mark Solomon is an alumni of NYU's Tisch School of the Arts and works as a Writer and Director in New York City. His short film, Samson Chin, was accepted to the Manhattan Short film festival, and he has had the privilege of working for noted brands such as The Economist. Currently, Mark is working on several feature screenplays, which he hopes to soon produce.PRODUCER: Hailing from Berkeley, California, Roan Bibby is a New York City based Director and Producer. His work has been showcased at festivals ranging from the NY Shorts Fest to the Palm Springs International Shorts Festival. Roan's projects span from full length features, to music videos and branded content.CINEMATOGRAPHER: Fletcher Wolfe is a freelance Director of Photography based in Brooklyn. She shot the short "Close," which screened at Sundance 2011, and the upcoming feature "Sugar!" starring Tony-Award-winner Alice Ripley. Fletcher was granted The Nestor Almendros Award in Cinematography in 2011 for "Rustic Dunes." THEODORE, played by Adam Butterfield. http://www.imdb.com/name/nm4455013/ LUCY, played by Sarah Wilson. http://www.imdb.com/name/nm3269561/?ref_=tt_cl_t1DAVID, played by Alton Alburo.http://www.imdb.com/name/nm5356899/?ref_=tt_cl_t3(Casting by ERICA A. HART) Risks and challenges As young filmmakers, legitimacy can be elusive. Talent and passion often are not enough to sustain a career as a storyteller, you need recognition. The main goal of this Kickstarter campaign is to pursue that quest for recognition, primarily at notable film festivals. And though acceptance to festivals will be a huge accomplishment, our journey does not end there. The challenge then becomes how to market ourselves at the various festivals, and how to turn our budding recognition into a permanent vote of confidence. The team behind "Serum" looks forward to the challenge and is excited to have you join our festival campaign. Every single person who worked on this film, from the actors to our PA's, are experienced professionals with at least 5-10 years in the industry. They all donated their time, talent, and expertise to this project simply because they believed in it. Without their support, our story wouldn't be told. We're confident that if we're able to convince top industry professionals that if our film was worth their valuable efforts (and time), than it is worth the time of festival-goers, their judges, and beyond. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter