*Visit my YouTube Channel and SoundCloud page to hear songs!Hey Friends!Welcome to my Kickstarter page. I'm so excited to have the opportunity to join forces with you to make my very first EP. Let me just tell you a little bit about what led me here and how I plan on doing this with your help.I've been performing since before I could remember (I literally have no recollection of my first performance at age 2.5). I grew up in South Dakota playing anywhere they would have me, whether it was opening for grandstand acts with my guitar or singing at nursing homes for $20 and a Thanksgiving turkey. Anyhow, I moved to Nashville when I was 19, which is when I started writing with the big kids and learning what it really meant to be an artist. Shortly after I moved, I found a great writing partner with whom I had an amazing creative connection. His name is Leland Grant, and we formed a duo called "THE LiNE." We were fueled by a wonderful songwriter/friend/mentor who is still responsible for many of my songwriting choices today. For the next two years, I put every ounce of my creativity into writing songs for our project.Leland and I had the privilege of being on Team Xtina on season 2 of The Voice. It was full of challenges, and also some of the greatest moments of my life. No matter who you are, it's incredibly inspiring to have Christina Aguilera show you how to sing something while she's standing three feet from you. Though our time on The Voice didn't end how I wanted it to, it did lead me to a simple conclusion - I needed to go back to being Hailey Steele. I started writing for myself again (it sorta felt like I was starting from scratch) and signed a publishing deal with BMG Chrysalis Nashville, and I've been writing like crazy ever since. I've always stood by the motto "may the best song win," and have made my best effort to bring that to the table with my music. So that's my story, and now here we are. The reason I'm doing a Kickstarter is because I want this project to be funded independently so that I own the master recordings...no label, no publishing company or anybody else owning anything. It's just me and the people who like my music deciding what to do with it. Every little bit helps. I'm asking for $10,000 as a goal, but every dollar I receive will count towards what it takes to make a quality 5-6 song EP. I am really focused on making these recordings sound great, and that's never cheap.Here's where your money will go: studio time, musicians, producer, mixing/mastering, marketing/promotion, printing/pressing of physical copies, video, design and photography associated with the EPK.What's in it for you: I've created a list of incentives that will make this fun for backers on every budget level. Knowing me and knowing my music are interchangeable, so I want to give you the full experience and keep you as involved as possible. I'm so excited to be able to share my music with you. Please spread the word about this project to your family, friends, co-workers, etc. I can't wait to see what we can do.THANK YOU!-Hailey Risks and challenges While Kickstarter is a wonderful vehicle for creating my first EP, there are always risks involved when it comes to musical endeavors. I'm confident that the risks and challenges will be at a minimum, but they cannot be avoided altogether. The biggest risk we face is time, simply because of how many steps there are to the recording process. Since this project is independent, we are not operating under any major time constraints. Should the process experience delay, it will just take a little extra patience. However, I will do my best to get all of your rewards to you in a timely fashion! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter