Interviews: On The Radio: In The Media: What is eRing? The first ever wirelessly powered Christmas lights Smartphone controlled energy efficient LED lights Outshines any of the average Christmas lights by 20 years How does eRing work? Snap the eRing Power Ring onto your tree Plug it into your wall Place the eRing wireless lights on your Christmas tree Provide wireless light to your family for up to 20 years! WIRELESSLY POWERED. NO CHARGING. NO BATTERIES. eRing's Power Ring safely provides all the energy the lights need, wirelessly. Just hang them like ornaments and they light up automatically. SMARTPHONE CONTROLLABLE Select the WiFi eRing Power Ring and you can control your lights from our free app on your iOS, Windows, or Android smartphone. Turn all lights on and off, set schedules, and timers on the go. HASSLE-FREE SETUP Snap it on, plug in the Power Ring, and decorate-that’s it! eRing makes decorating a tree easier than ever! SAFER CHRISTMAS LIGHTS From the beginning, eRing was designed to be a safer Christmas light. By removing the wires that short circuit, heat, or spark in your tree, eRing eliminates the potential fire hazards of traditional Christmas lights. For even more safety, we only use LEDs which produce close to zero heat. ULTRA-RELIABLE - REVOLUTIONARY DURABLE DESIGN Traditional Christmas lights never last. eRing’s wireless lights use LEDs that last for up to 20 years at full brightness. Since the LEDs never need to be changed, we are able to permanently seal the ornament so that they can’t be damaged, creating a more reliable Christmas light, and saving you from buying new lights every year. eRING WIRELESS LIGHTS New Style - Sparkle Plastic This preview shows a few LEDs on each prototype board but the final will have several more and a wider distribution - but as shown, the colors and glow project very well. Let there be light; smarter and brighter than ever The glossy Clear ornament has a classy star-like shine. You can see inside just enough to appreciate the marvel of wireless electricity but not enough to distract from its magic. The glossy Crackle ornament looks like we captured a snapshot of light exploding. The seamlessly smooth cracked effect of the glass reflects light spectacularly in every direction and cleverly demands attention. The Frosted ornament is a perfected balancing act. The impeccably uniform glow brings forth a wonderful warmth to your decorations like never before while its soft brightness screams sophistication. The Sparkle plastic ornament creates an even glow hiding all technology but presenting a completely consistent light. Final glass manufacturer selection has yet to be made. These images of the prototypes are meant to demonstrate what the final boxes will contain - regardless, they're all amazing. Select which light boxes you would like during our post-campaign survey. eRING POWER RING In addition to being able to power up to 100 wireless lights, eRing’s Power Ring has been designed to be invisible. Hide it underneath the tree skirt for trees up to 5 feet tall or in the middle of a tree for taller trees. Its forest green color camouflages it, making it even harder to see. Power cord (not shown) will be included. Select your ring size during our post-campaign survey. To ensure on time delivery for eRing we have the following timeline: December/January – Support Kickstarter Campaign February/March – Complete certification March/April – Finalize suppliers/manufacturing agreements May – Start Production and setup Quality Assurance Inspection team October – Delivery time enough for the earliest decorators.We've given more than enough time to get this done and believe delivering by October gives everyone enough time for a fun and exciting Christmas 2015 with eRing. The following video was created as a quick demonstration of the prototype system illuminating a test bulb with a single LED on the Higgins Christmas Tree! This is a frosted, sparkly, plastic ball we used to experiment with. To develop eRing, we started with the Power Ring. Shown below is one of our prototype rings. The Power Ring safely creates a magnetic field and only transfers energy when a receiver comes into its field. We tried a variety of receiver designs, not only in antenna size, but shape, material, thickness, configuration, pattern, and more in order to settle on a consistent design. The image below shows a small batch of wire receivers we tested using breadboards. We also tested a variety of receiver designs on PCBs (printed circuit boards) to see if their characteristics matched those of wire-wound receivers. We found that the PCBs exhibited great consistency, commensurate with the wire-wound ones. To give you a little behind-the-scenes, this is just a small subset of the number of capacitors we have amassed in testing such a variety of transmitters and receivers. We've got at least 4 of these boxes filled with through hole capacitors - the surface mount containers are another story. As for the beautiful ornaments themselves, we evaluated a wide variety of options and picked the bulbs that gave us a beautiful finish and reflected light masterfully. Please enjoy this video we put together as an introduction to eRing, the first ever, wirelessly powered Christmas lights! We’ve already begun engaging with artists, musicians, and developers to create unique ornaments and limitless possibilities. With eRing, ornaments can now have music, motion, lights, displays—and so much more that was never possible before – all without wires.If you are interested in working with us on creating new ornaments or distributing eRing, Contact us and a member of the team will work with you accordingly. Risks and challenges When it comes to launching our dream product, we have tried our very best leave no stone un-turned. However, there are risks to even the most prepared and well-thought-out projects so here are the ones we see: Manufacturing: Our tolerances to create the beautiful eRing Lights are less than a millimeter. In order to create such a high volume of a high-quality product at such a reasonable price we have to work very closely with the manufacturer on every detail. Reliability and attention to detail are key. In order to minimize any problems here we are working with the most sophisticated glass works manufacturers in the world to supply the most precise and high quality ornaments. Product adjustments: We want our ornaments to be the most beautiful by a nautical mile. This means adjusting both the placement and the number of LEDs on the printed circuit board that is housed inside of the glass ornament so that they are optimally placed. To ensure there are no issues with this, our electrical engineers are working with lighting experts to make sure nothing shines as beautifully bright as our ornaments. Fulfillment: International language barriers, festivals, holidays, or even busy shipping lines can all cause delays, but Christmas only comes once a year and there is no excuse to miss it. We wanted to make sure that no matter what happens we will get our backers their products in time for Christmas 2015. Our team’s years of experience with reliable quality control inspectors, freight forwarders and shipping companies gives us confidence in our timeline. To minimize this risk even further, even though we can deliver in six months, we have given ourselves almost twice the amount of time to make sure this product is delivered with ample time to light up the holidays. We cannot wait to have our name on the “from” section of your next Holiday package. Surprises are inevitable even after we take every precaution and the highest road. This is why our team is dedicated to eRing and nothing else until this product has reached its backers. When it comes to service and support we are absolutely unmatched. We are there for you 24/7/365. Kickstarter messages come straight to our personal inboxes. No one is as excited to get eRing into your hands as we are! No matter how big or small, every pledge helps us get closer to our dream of bringing to life a world of wirelessly powered ornaments that can do things we have never seen before. Help us by clicking the ‘Back This Project’ button at the top of the page, or help us spread the word by sharing our page. From the eRing family to yours, Happy Holidays! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter