We are South Carolina natives and award winning musicians whose collective accomplishments have garnered international acclaim, grammy nominations, and thousands of performances around the world. We first came together in 1998, while studying music at the College of Charleston. Around that time we founded a popular local jazz quartet called, “The Gradual Lean.” Over the following decades, while moving in different artistic directions, we've continued to collaborate. Simply put, we are family. Now, with a fresh perspective on our Carolina homeland, we're launching a new project that aligns our twenty-year musical connection, with the centuries-old musical roots of Charleston, SC. In 2016, Quiana Parler - Vocalist, Quentin Baxter - Drums, Kevin Hamilton - Bass, Charlton Singleton - Trumpet/Vocals, and Clay Ross - Guitar/Vocals formed Ranky Tanky! Our mission is to represent the Gullah music of the South Carolina Low-Country worldwide, through audio recordings, video, live performance, and educational outreach. Gullah is a storied culture prevailing on the Sea Islands of South Carolina’s Lowcountry. The Gullah people have sustained their treasured West African traditions and ways of life for generations, and their cultural impact on American music is undeniable. With influences of jazz, blues, gospel, and folk music, our repertoire is built on re-imagined arrangements of playful game songs, ecstatic shouts, heartbreaking spirituals, and delicate lullabies from the Gullah tradition. These songs have been sourced from early field recordings of artists such as Bessie Jones, John Davis, and Laura Rivers. Our contemporary interpretations have been shaped by the diverse musical backgrounds and living Gullah influences of our members. “Ranky Tanky” is Sea Island Gullah for “Work It,” or “Get Funky!” The musical roots of Charleston, SC are a “rank” and fertile ground from which we are grateful to have grown. ***More 2017 Tour Dates Announced Soon*** You will be a part of reviving and sustaining a true heartland of American music. Your support will help us release a full-length album, commission artwork, and designs, attend booking conferences and showcases, and tour internationally. By supporting this campaign you will be among the first to receive our new album. You will also receive exclusive content and updates directly through this community. Other rewards include a T-shirt designed by Ty Wilkins, personalized calls from the band, and even a virtual serenade! Thank You for Your Support!!! Ranky Tanky Risks and challenges - our challenge is to create a long-term sustainable touring business. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter