Cymbil is a story driven action RPG for single player and cooperative multiplayer with mechanics and gameplay inspired by legacy RPGs of the 16 bit era such as Secret of Mana, A Link to the Past, and Chrono Trigger. Cymbil also includes an in-game editor for player-created content. Screenshots Represent Very Early Development Stage Cymbil takes place in an alternate timeline where magic came to man in the 16th century. Join Cymbil, Leon, and Roshor on their incredible journey to discover why the very Earth has turned against all sentient life. Development Footage - does not represent final product. In addition to Cymbil's immersive story and exciting gameplay, our project offers gamers, artists, and hobbyists alike a medium to create their own exciting adventures for Cymbil and her companions, or for entirely new characters of their own imagining. Players can build their own multiplayer action adventures using the in-game editor. NO CODING/SCRIPTING REQUIRED. The editor provided will be the same editor we at Eyeshock will use to construct the majority of the game, ensuring players can create an equally elaborate or superior adventure. Players familiar with trigger systems like Warcraft III Map Editor and Neverwinter Nights will see immediate similarities with one major addition: triggers and elements can be placed in 'walkthrough mode', wherein the editor moves about as a player and places objects , dynamic events, enemies, and NPCs. For the modders and more technically gifted player community, Eyeshock developers will work diligently to allow every aspect of the game from the title screen to the end-game credits to be manipulated. Help us tell our story; and we will tell yours. Topdown RPG homage with a healthy dose of platforming, and 'Metroidvania': explore lush jungles, dark forests, and deep caverns. Swim, fight, drive, and fly your party across three continents ravaged by conflict. MULTIPLAYER: Co-Op has never been an afterthought in our project; multiplayer was the first major component implemented as early as last year, and has been updated at every milestone in development. The below video is from late 2012, and demonstrates our early commitment to multiplayer. No weapon, play-style, or class restrictions: One of the great features of Secret of Mana was the ability to use any weapon on any character. In Cymbil Spellcraft, players weapon choices affect their special attacks and combo potential. Team Combos: Players familiar with Chrono Trigger will recall 'Tri-Techs', the ability for characters to unite their special moves for a much more devastating attack. Cymbil Spellcraft seeks to reward players working together, and connecting special moves logically will reward increased effectiveness and satisfying spectacles. Destroy and Weaponize Everything. We love Vindictus' combat; it is genuinely satisfying to pick up a stone column, throw it at an opponent, and watch him smash through a wall. We reproduce this satisfaction in Cymbil Spellcraft using the real-time shatter capabilities of the Unity engine. Huge Boss Fights! End Games bosses should be challenging, menacing, and huge! Enjoy the phases and colossal feel of MMO style bosses with action-RPG mechanics. Puzzles, Platforming, and Action; Oh My! We understand players tire of linear gameplay and button mashing to victory. Our greatest challenge with Cymbil is to blend story, action, and skill to keep gamers immersed, engaged, and challenged. During the 15th century, a cataclysmic event known as the Dawn suddenly imbued every human on earth with magical powers. This infinite source of food, healing, and protection discourages humanity's ambitions for colonization, technological research, and exploration. Present Day: the world has evolved unnaturally; the vegtation has grown thick, carnivorous and impossible. The powers bestowed upon mankind have waned. Many families are born with children entirely devoid of these powers, and the free peoples of the British Empire find their standing in society heavily dependent on their magical prowess. Uniquely powerful humans, known as Wights, are born with white hair, grow up motherless, and have inexhaustable magical potential. For these reasons, Wights are sought and weaponized by major factions within the Empire.The bestial races of the east, born mysteriously from the Earth after the great Dawn, seek to limit the expansion of man, and the Empire considers themselves at war with these savages. For every Dawn, there is a Dusk. The Muses whisper of a new cataclysmic event, but their pleas fall on deaf ears. The oceans swell with angry waves seeking ships, the grounds quake and swallow her people: it as if the very Earth herself wishes man extinct. Cymbil grew up in the jungles beyond the reach of the British Empire's hunt for Wights; her people's restricted lifestyle perceives the use of the Goddess's powers as a perversion of nature; these values are key to Cymbil's ability to contain the madness all Wights carry.Cymbil is strong-willed and a bit of a snob; she views the Empire as unenlightened savages, and Leon as no different from his masters. Cymbil's people do not allow beastmen to tread in their lands, and thinks Roshor is an extension of the magic that turns the jungle hostile. Leon was captured by the Empire as a weapon to hunt Wights. As a Branded, he is incapable of any magical feats and instead relies on his wits and inventions to battle his foes. Leon is incredibly skilled and incredibly cocky. He hates Wights for their inherent madness and cruelty, and Cymbil's 'backwoods' upbringing does little to sway his hatred. He has no respect for the bestial races, and Roshor is nothing more than a pain in his side. Roshor was exiled from his tribe for an unforgivable crime. Bestial races do not believe in the false gods of the Empire or Ghana. Roshor's people find their afterlife in their offspring, a luxury long lost to Roshor.Roshor has a history of battling Wights across the wastes of West Asia. He knows it is only a matter of time before he must silence Cymbil forever, lest she turn as bloodthirsy as the Empire. The Music of Cymbil Spellcraft We have elected to use the brilliant compositions of Matias Puumala! Courage Prevails Sinphony Kicking it ForwardThe theory behind the Kicking It Forward initiative is simple: 'pay it forward'! After Cymbil Spellcraft is released, a 5% portion of the game's profit revenue will be used to fund future Kickstarter products of a similar nature. Realistically, every Kickstarter project should be a part of this program! Check out http://kickingitforward.org for more information.The Eyeshock Staff Rewards All Backers regardless of level will receive the in-game SirMcMuuMoneyBags skin for their party pet, in recognition of their generosity!The most generous contributor will be receive the highest of honors: the 4th character slot. We will design a 'semi secret', less story driven character entirely based on the contributor's vision. Rewards TiersTHE BRANDED - DIGITAL PACKAGE Digital package includes a digital copy of Cymbil Spellcraft, digital Soundtrack, High Definition Wallpapers and digital Player's Guide. You will also be granted access to the Cymbil Alpha forums with regular releases of playable content and direct access to the developers. Tier 1 Reward: Cymbil Collectible Cloth Patch, Tabletop RPG Pewter Figure, Physical Soundtrack, or Muu Keychain. TIER 2 - $95 Contribution: Recieve the BRANDED digital package and select from Production Artbook, Cymbil Mousepad, or Cymbil T-Shirt! TIER 3 - $270 Contribution: Physical Cymbil Spellcraft Special Edition Copy, 8" Muu Plushie, or Personal Art by Marisol Puente THE WIGHT PACK - $480 Contribution Cymbil Spellcraft Physical Cartridge; includes instruction booklet, USB Cartridge, and lots of printed goodies to make your special edition...well...special!THE SECRET CHARACTER Why Kickstarter?We've been working on Cymbil Spellcraft for nearly a year, all within our free time while attending school and working. Our progress was slow moving but significant as we were able to implement combat, multiplayer, and the majority of the engine in just over four months after design. However, it is clear we cannot continue developing Cymbil Spellcraft as a side project if we ever hope to complete the entirety of our story; there is simply too much to be done. The contributions of Kickstarter backers will allow us to continue development full time, and provide:Multiplayer Public Servers: For connecting players for cooperative multiplayer, and hosting mods, custom maps, and player-made campaigns. Software Licenses: The majority of tools we use are free (such as Blender and Unity). We require several applications to streamline development, and currently use many time consuming 'workarounds' to trump this inadequacy. Sustenance: Developing the remainder of Cymbil Spellcraft will take until the end of next year, and only if we are allowed to work on the game full-time. During that time, we require many Ramen packets to stay alive!Distribution: We would like to see Cymbil Spellcraft hit as many distribution platforms as possible, but most require additional programming assets and charge fees.Contact Us, Hang out, and Ask Questions! Risks and challenges As a software developer, completing deadlines is the ultimate challenge; Kickstarter projects are notorious for running past their promised delivery date. Eyeshock.com Studios is experienced with meeting tough deadlines; film production, freelance special effects work, code development, and editing are all scary-stressful and typically do not account for the health and well being of their project managers. Rest assured, not only are we use to working under tough deadlines, we excel under such stressful conditions. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter