Thanks to all of our fans who have helped fund this campaign! We can't wait to bring Ascension Online to life thanks to all of your backing and support! If you missed out or were unable to participate in the campaign, head over to our Paypal Campaign page on our website.or to AscensionGame.com for more information. Ever since we brought our award-winning Ascension Deckbuilding Game to iOS, we’ve heard the same questions asked time and again: When is it coming to Android? When is it coming to PC? Trust us—we've heard you loud and clear. We’re thrilled to have such passionate fans, and we want to be able to bring you the gaming experience you demand and deserve.Since we originally released Ascension in 2010 as our new company's first product, the game has grown dramatically. We have released three expansions—Return of the Fallen, Storm of Souls, and Immortal Heroes—along with dozens of supplemental promo cards, and our fans keep asking for more. The Ascension iOS app has been downloaded hundreds of thousands of times and players have logged over three million games played online. We think it's time to take Ascension to the next level. We want to build a team dedicated to Ascension Online. We want not only to bring Ascension to Android and PC, but also to make it bigger and better than ever, with all-new features like these: Are you the best Ascension player in your play group? Have you ever wanted to see how you stack up against the best of the best? Part of our plan for Ascension Online is building the infrastructure to run online tournaments. We’ll offer both casual pickup events and larger scheduled tournaments, complete with leaderboards, prizes, and more. We know that many of our fans prefer playing against the computer, and we want to give them a more robust play experience, too. We’re going to create a campaign mode featuring a variety of challenges and diverse play modes. Can you defeat Master Dhartha, who starts with a copy of his own Hero card in his deck? Players will be able to level up, unlocking new game abilities and new cards for their own starting decks. As we said before, we want to get Ascension into as many people’s hands as possible. Despite what people responding to all of our posts on Facebook and Twitter might tell you, we don’t hate Android users, and we’re certainly not ignoring them. A huge part of this project is bringing Ascension to the Android and PC platforms so that everyone who wants to can play. This Kickstarter will allow us to make that happen much sooner than would otherwise be possible. In addition to bringing you all the new platforms and features, we want to make Ascension freely available to everyone who wants to play it. With this Kickstarter, we can ensure that the base game will be free on all new platforms we introduce. Ascension is an award-winning deckbuilding game originally released in 2010. The game features fast-paced strategy and tactics, requiring players to react to an ever-changing board of Heroes, Constructs, and Monsters as they vie for dominance in the rich fantasy world of Vigil. In addition to the original release, Ascension has three expansions—Return of the Fallen, Storm of Souls, and Immortal Heroes—with the fourth expansion, Rise of Vigil, due out in April of this year (and available early to Kickstarter backers!) We are Stone Blade Entertainment, formerly known as Gary Games. Ascension was our first release as a company, but our team is made up of industry veterans who have worked on a wide array of games. We have a huge amount of experience playing games as well as designing them, with five Magic: The Gathering Pro Tour championship titles among the team. We are currently hard at work producing future Ascension sets and the new digital collectible game SolForge, which was funded in part by fans like you here on Kickstarter. For more information about the company and our games, visit our sites below! We’ve wanted to bring Ascension to Android and PC ever since we released it on iOS, and we know many of you out there have wanted it, too. We can hardly post anything on our Facebook or Twitter feeds without fans bombarding us with the question “When is Ascension coming to Android?” As much as we’ve wanted to be able to tell all of them “Soon,” we haven’t had the resources to make it happen. After our successful Kickstarter campaign for SolForge, we thought, "Could we do this for Ascension, too?"We were overwhelmed by how many fans came through to support SolForge and how passionate they were about being a part of making it a reality. We see that same passion in our Ascension fans who ask us when we're bringing their favorite game to Android, or when the newest set is going to be available online. Our programming team currently has their hands full making SolForge. With this Kickstarter, however, we will be able to bring on additional programmers to develop Ascension Online in parallel. We feel that Ascension Online deserves a dedicated team, one that can commit all of their time to developing for new platforms, creating new features, and ensuring timely set releases.By backing this project, you can finally answer the question that has confounded scholars for ages—“When is Ascension coming to Android?”—with “By the end of 2013.” We think we can get it done well before that, but we take our commitments seriously, and we only want to promise what we’re certain we can deliver.As a backer, you'll not only be a part of making Ascension Online a reality, but you'll also be able to get your hands on a variety of awesome rewards, from unique game avatars and free expansion downloads to the Ultimate Ascension Collector's Edition, dinner and gaming with the Stone Blade Entertainment team at Gen-Con, and more! Check out all of the rewards to the right, and below now! Below are illustrations of all our reward tiers available for this campaign. We also have add-ons available for backers to add to their pledges. If there are cool rewards or new tiers you'd like to see available, don't hesitate to leave a comment or send us a message! To include add-ons in your pledge, simply increase your donation by the appropriate amount and send us a message via clicking on our profile and hitting the "Contact Us" button to let us know what you want. We'll also send around a final survey after the end of the Kickstarter to confirm everyone's choices. You can add any number of each add-on item to your pledge, as long as you have pledged to the minimum designated tier. Risks and challenges The team already has their hands full with the creation of the physical Ascension game and SolForge. Adding Ascension Online on top of that is a lot of extra work that needs to get done, which is precisely why we're looking to pick up a few more hands. We have already identified and contacted talented programmers who are eager to work on this project, and we're all excited about creating something that we've been eager to make for years now. We have a passionate team that has learned a lot about how to make a great digital card game, and we are confident we can deliver on a fantastic Ascension digital game. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter