A sturdy and great way for people to know where you are. With corrugated plastic the possibilities are everywhere. Instead of using a flammable stick (road flair) that can burn your skin, or roll off the road and cause even bigger problems, or a small reflective triangle that will weather and crack in half.Unfold and turn on your “Fire Fly”. The Fire Flyis made with a Polypropylene corrugated durable plastic that will not only hold up to any weather conditions, it is flexible and will either nest into each other or lay flat next to your spare tire. With a very bright LED source and weighed down so it won’t blow away, the Fire Fly is a great alternative to help other drivers or walking public know where you are. Just take it out, unfold it, and turn on the light.It’s that easy. Sit stands 20 inches tall and can be seen at night from a distance of 300 feet. Stranded on the side of the road?Grand Openings to your new store? Having a big party and want to let people know where to go? Or a great way to let people know to “Come on in”. The Fire Fly is the best way to go. With a battery life of over 6 hours, be plenty of time for them to know just what’s going on. With many prototypes and hours of trials, working with a great team, we developed the first step, creating a safe cone that light up. Although we are still in the prototype stages, we feel that we are on the right track, and with your help we are truly confident that we will have a product that everyone can use. TheFire Fly a safe way to be seen. Risks and challenges We understand that there might be setbacks looking for the best products to go with the Fire Fly, LED’s battery packs and even balance weights. But we will do all we can with making this Fire Fly fly. If there is any delays, you will be the first to know, and on the flip side, when the project is ahead of schedule, again you all will be on top with the great new. Thank you again for your support with the awesome “Fire Fly. Jim Learn about accountability on Kickstarter