ZRRO is a standalone Android-based console that connects to any TV to make it smart. ZRRO comes with an amazing hover and touch controller powered by ZRRO's zTouch™ technology.With ZRRO you can "touch" and play ALL 1,000,000 Android games and apps on your TV as if it were a huge tablet. ZRRO's three elements: 1. ZRRO Pad - World's first hover & touch controller that mirrors your fingers position to the TV. 2. ZRRO Box - A state of the art Android-based TV console3. Your TV - Any TV with an HDMI input The ZRRO Pad tracks and mirrors your fingers' 3D position onto your TV: Hovering enables you to target your finger to the right place while keeping your eyes on the TV Touching is used to select, as on any touch screen Pinch, Swipe, Drag and all other touch gestures are supported An embedded accelerometer and vibration feedback complete the gaming experience A state-of-the-art standalone Android-based TV console, designed especially for gaming and entertainment. The ZRRO Box can handle the most demanding games and supports up to 4K resolution! The ZRRO indicators show both the position of your fingers and their distance from the pad, so you knows exactly where on the screen you are going to touch! And of course, the ZRRO Pad is multi-touch Touchscreens today use one of two kinds of sensing technologies. Mutual-Capacitance precisely senses individual touchpoints. Self-Capacitance crudely detects fingers further away from the controller, but does not enable multiple detection (causing a "ghosting" interference). zTouch offers the best of both worlds, effectively solving the "ghosting" problem. By changing the traditional grid layout to a dot matrix layout and developing special algorithms to analyze this new data, it has become the first multi-touch technology that precisely senses conductive objects (like fingers) up to 1.2 inches away from the pad with sub-pixel resolution. ZRRO patented matrix grid Well, they do work - but only for games and apps that were developed specifically for them. Nowadays most content is designed for touchscreen devices. ZRRO took a different approach- instead of to trying to convince developers to customize content for old fashioned controllers, they developed the first controller that enables users to play all touch games and apps as they are, without any modification.You can now "touch" more than 1,000,000 games and apps directly on your TV! ZRRO was founded five years ago with a vision to bring mobile content to big screen TVs. It was obvious from day one that it would be impossible to convince content providers to customize their content for screens that cannot be touched, so ZRRO decided to turn TVs into huge tablets. To do that ZRRO needed to develop a new technology that enabled the user to touch the TV screen from the couch. The only way it was possible is by mirroring the fingers’ position on the TV, the technology would need to detect multiple fingers in a three-dimensional space - when fingers contacted the pad’s surface and also when fingers hovered above it. Risks and challenges There is a huge gap between having the technology ready, and having the product in consumer hands. We could have launched ZRRO more than a year ago but we wanted to deliver the best user experience. We are glad we waited, the last year allowed us to perfect the technology and improve the hardware. During this time, Android games/apps also improved their graphics and performance to really enhance the experience. Additionally, we wanted to make sure we take care of all the details around the product; the logistic, the packaging, the regulations and more. We now feel that our main challenge, once we reach our goal, is to make sure all the pieces are getting into place according to our plans. We are aware of Crowdfunding projects reputation of delivering late, we took the best precautions, left some room for surprises, and now we can stand behind our deadlines. The journey we are about to step into is definitely exciting, frightening and significant to our company and our team, it will be our honor to make you a part of it. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter