What is GoingAd.com? GoingAd.com is a unique way of linking the Buyer and Seller at the most cost effective and convenient method without the hassle of re-occurring fees and re-posting. Users can create Personnel Accounts so they can manage their own adverts and interlink with their own interactive social media site (unlike any other advertising sites) to generate more interest with a click of a button, effectively saving time for Users. GoingAd is constantly evolving and many features have been introduced to create a more User-friendly website for everyone. Features of GoingAd.com Users can share a post on their social media websites. This aids the advertisement to receive further interest and broaden the impact of the adverts. Social media is the “big thing", a powerful tool that must be taken advantage. We made sure that GoingAd.com has the tools and features to make that happen. Listed below are just a few social networking and interacting sites. GoingAd.com features 272 interacting sites Individual User Account Management Service Why GoingAd.com? As always, this journey is led by consumers. Today's consumers spend more of their time online with almost averaging three hours a day. Digital is transforming World media. In 2015 just in the UK alone it is estimated £20bn is spent on advertising, £6.3bn is predicted to have been digital including £1bn on mobile. GoingAd.com avoids consumers spending extortionate amount of fees on advertising products that has direct impact on pricing as your saving on advertising costs. With our next scheduled upgrade February 2016 the site will be available worldwide. How does it work? GoingAd.com works in a simple and convenient way. Posting an advert is very easy. Once you have chosen the category a customised toolbar opens up a select-list of fields Enter the details of your advert Add location and price Choose a payment method Select 'Buy it Now' or 'Best Offer' option Upload your pictures and add shipping method MAP FACILITIES Global map of pin-pointed items for sale Buyers can receive their goods instantly if they refine their search to local areas Street view mapping for precise collection points Route Planner Advert View Negotiating Features The Advertisers have full control of accepting or declining an offer made by the interested parties and also has the facility to negotiate further. PAYMENT PROTECTION At the point of sale payment transfer are via PayPal a familiar and popular method. This allows the Users to transfer money in a safe and secure manner. GoingAd is a safe-guarded website that is monitored constantly by the Administrators and the User can report abuse when required. Launch an AppWith the help and support from our Backers we would like to launch Apps on both IOS and Android. This will make GoingAd an easier and efficient way to browse and shop online with smartphones and tablet devices. The online advertising is both exciting and challenging, Mobile phones have continued to escalate on mass scale over the years, Mobile devices and tablets are continuing to overtake desktops computers as the preferred means of exploring online. Browsing experience is now largely optimized for mobile devices. Why Kickstarter? We are starting our journey with Kickstarter because we believe that the Backers community play a fundamental role in the advancement of GoingAd. We are not only reaching out through Kickstarter to early adopters but rather embracing relationships with the passionate community of ingenious individuals. Kickstarter community is the perfect place to reach out.As GoingAd will be available in 196 countries. Funds raised will be used to advertise our site across the world and further enhance the user experience by launching the GoingAd App. We are excited to invite you to join us on our journey, In order to do this we are asking yourselves to reach out and believe in us. your support will help us reach our goals. Risks and challenges Risks and challenges We are really excited to launch GoingAd on IOS and Android also this will make our site productive. We've put in a lot of time, effort, and last but not least, passion into this project. We strongly believe in GoingAd and the fact that it's already functioning in UK proves our confidence and intent. We know that the most important part of our process is that we fullfill our promise to you, our Backers. We are driven to get this project to you on time, however the risk of our scheduled features not finishing within the time frame for unforeseen adversity can delay in shipment. To overcome this the second upgrade is already in progress as we know the duration from previous upgrade and work involved, enough time has been subjected for the scheduled upgrade. If any changes occur we will always keep you informed in a timely manner. We are thrilled to take GoingAd.com to the next level and soon to be on your smart phones and tablets! Thank you GoingAd.com Learn about accountability on Kickstarter