Do you have what it takes to be an Evil Genius? Can you keep the robot factory working despite the wily meddling of Tesla Ranger spies? Find out in this new game for the iPod, iPad, and other mobile devices. Machination puts the player in the role of a would-be Evil Genius doing the fiendish bidding of the nefarious organization FAUST! In the latest bid to rule the world, FAUST's devious scientists have developed a series of malevolent machines designed for the sole purpose of causing havoc. FAUST's implacable foes, the Tesla Rangers, have dispatched spies to infiltrate the organization's robot factories and disrupt production. Needless to say, FAUST has other ideas. You have been instructed to keep the factory working and catch those spies! At last, a chance to rise above the ranks of other minions and prove your worth as an Evil Genius! In MACHINATION, you must collect the necessary robot parts from the factory's conveyors and place them in order onto the robot blueprint. Building the correct number of robots completes a level and moves you deeper into the factory, where more complex robot orders are required, and the conveyors move ever faster! Catching the Tesla spies helps the factory run smoother, and collecting cogs allows you to acquire new devices to aid you in your task. Working in the Unity engine provides us with great flexibility from project to project, and allows us to master a toolset that can be deployed on a number of platforms. Part of our funding requirement is to acquire the appropriate licenses for this versatile software. In addition, we are currently working with borrowed hardware. With your help, we’ll be able to return this gear to its rightful owners and use our own. I’m sure these friends will be as grateful to you for your generosity as we are. In addition, we want to make sure the game is as professional as possible. The video shows our working prototype which is fully functional and has almost all the features we need to launch the game. We do need to spend time replacing the art with production quality art, and adding the level of polish needed to make a game really stand out. To this end, we will be contracting an audio expert to create our sounds and music for us (a key aspect we're missing right now). He’s been incredibly generous with his time so far, but he’s a professional and needs to be paid for his work. Your funding will help us to provide the most polished package we can. Once the game is complete our work really begins. Making headway in the app store is a full-time job, and the only way to make a game a success is to work hard promoting it. Any marketing effort at all takes time and money, and we expect to have to work very hard indeed to rise above the general noise in the store. We are fortunate enough to have a number of friends and former colleagues who have already enjoyed tremendous success in the app store and will be able to benefit greatly from their help and experience. Part of the funding you provide will help us to get those initial first week sales necessary to get a game ranked and listed. Getting the game in front of players is crucial and we need your help to make it happen. Obviously we think Machination is a great game or we wouldn’t be asking for your help in releasing it. It is by no means our only game, however. In fact we’re bursting with great ideas that we think would make awesome apps and we really want to develop that next game, and the one after that. But before we can start thinking about our next project, we need to launch Machination, and for that we need your help. If you can, please help us reach our goal by making a pledge. You may notice that none of the rewards offered includes a copy of the game itself. This was a conscious decision, as every sale of the game in the app store will help us in the rankings and gaining attention that way is vital for our first game. To make this omission more palatable, you'll also notice that we've deducted a dollar from each of the nice round numbers we initially calculated. We hope you'll spend that dollar wisely and support us in the app store with a purchase once Machination is available. Signal Flare is the brainchild of two game developers who want to continue making great games with their good friends and colleagues. Former studios for which we have worked have fallen victim to the whims of investors and the vicissitudes of a turbulent economy, and this is an opportunity to control our own fate and hopefully build our own studio, whose sole focus is to build entertaining products. See our profile for more information. Thanks for taking the time to read about this project, we really hope you’ll help us to realize our grand ambition, or at the very least, make that first step along the path.