Who - Massive Website Hosting offers everything you will ever need to establish yourself online; domain names, webhosting services, website building software, SSL certificates, etc. We have over 10 years of experience in the domain name and webhosting business. What - We are raising money to fund our 1st Digital Entrepreneur Workshop 2015. The Digital Entrepreneur Workshop helps to raise awareness of the digital agenda and one could achieve independence and contribute to the global economy though online entrepreneurship. The goal is to help 1000 lucky people who do not have any online knowledge become digital entrepreneurs by helping them launch their own websites. The new entrepreneurs will be picked based on marketing data, referrals, schools, and community outreach programs.The workshops will be live events that will take place in 4 different sessions. Those who cannot attend physically will be able to stream and interact via online webinar. The workshop will cover the FAST TRACK to making money online. If a person knows how to use social media, they can learn how to make money with this workshop. The workshop will also contain a check list of follow up items to do to ensure their website is up. The workshop is 100% FREE to all those who are chosen to attend. Each attendee will receive complimentary online services valued at over $390. The raised funds will be needed to cover the basic overhead costs such as, cost of venue, speakers,event staff, equipment, event marketing costs, domain registration and hosting for 1 year for 1000 people. When - The workshop will begin to take place starting no later than May 1st 2015 and continue through July 1st 2015. Where - : The workshops will take place in Las Vegas Nevada and will also be streamed via online webinars for those who cannot attend locally. Every hour of every day, thousands of people are looking online to generate income and their lives are changing for the better, forever. All over the globe, people are now receiving hundreds and even THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS EACH MONTH. Now, it's your turn to join them and begin building your own business. Why - We are raising funds to launch 1000 new online businesses because we truly believe in the power of digital entrepreneurship and how it can change someone life. Out of the 1000 websites 1 could rise and become the next big idea! We want to help those who are eager to learn about online business get the Kickstart they deserve. It will help the economy and it is healthy for the soul. Thank you for your support!Massive Global Media Risks and challenges The main risk is follow up and follow through. The main objective is to help 1000 people launch 1000 new websites. There is a very thorough and automatic follow up/check in system after the course to make sure each student follows up and is putting their domain and web hosting to good use. The massive project of ensuring that 1000 websites are live and functioning will be handled by MassiveWebsiteHosting and partners. There will also be a contest to see which student out of the 1000 came up with the best ideas and opportunity for follow up in the future. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter