Virtual Reality is simply amazing. It draws the user into an experience that is both interactive and fully engaging. It can draw out a very real emotional response to content from people, as well as replicating the sense of really being in the moment. It can be anything, and take users anywhere. However, VR is not a good experience on a shared mobile phone. The current state of the art mobile VR requires that you to dedicate your own personal cell phone to the experience. While you are fully engaged in the VR world, you will be disturbed by calls, text messages, facebook updates; basically, all the things you use for phone for on a daily basis. We think there is a better way, and it should not cost more than $250 dollars. eVR3 The eVR3 is being designed to become your stand alone VR device. It is powered by a dedicated android mini tablet with a 5 inch (all that is needed) 1920 x 1080 Pixel screen that is mounted into the fully adjustable VR headset. It will also come with a bluetooth controller, to allow for a more engaging VR experience. The android mini tablet will easily slide in and out of the VR headset, allowing you to navigate and install VR apps. It will fully support Google Cardboard, and can even be used to take amazing 360 photos on it's 13 MP camera. Out of the box the device will be ready to load VR applications, which can be downloaded from Google Play. Sample VR content on Google Play Rewards. Rewards Risks and challenges eVR3 has been in the works for the past 6 months. Basically, we got frustrated with the high cost of VR, and decided to do something about it. We also firmly believe that VR deserves its own dedicated hardware, and is not a good fit on your existing phone. We have working prototypes, and are now focusing on ensuring that we are able to bring all the components together in a single offering package. There is always risk, however we have found multiple suppliers for our critical components, understand the basics of how we will assemble and ship units, and have even visited a few of the key suppliers in Shenzhen, China. This is not our first hardware project, however it is our first time on Kickstarter, and look forward to keeping the community informed as we move ahead with eVR3. As for how we will tackle problems as they come up? We will take them head on, one at a time, and figure them out with intelligent determination. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter