Ownership of ones skills and talents is not articulated in a manner conducive to the modern day technological demands that the generation of today is used to. The emotional disconnect that our current students experience everyday from their traditional school environments are leading to a generation of "robots". How do we as educators change that perception? The answer is both simple and complex. Education needs to be customizable as demonstrated with the controlling elements for the MY A MAZING Academic Portfolio Website:·All of the students work will be electronically stored, transmitted, and assessed·Academic testing services – includes some assessments on-line, self reporting questionnaire, and supplemental academic materials – all reportable data that needs to be communicated to stakeholders for the child ·The Game Plan initiatives will be monitored for mastery of benchmark standards as identified by the academic testing, the written plan of achievement, and the pre and post testing results.·The Digital Academic Support Centers, Remediation and Homework Helpers Programs including attendance, how long the student participated and their accomplishments within the five content areas – English/Language Arts, Reading Math, Science and Social Studies.·Community Service and Leadership Projects·Main Lesson Books (Copyright Pending)- comprehensive thematic lessons that engage the learner in a differentiated education model using the Turburry Quad4 Assessment Tool (Copyright Pending) ·Design and Production of a Professional Digital Portfolio to be used as part of the college scholarship application process·All of the reportable data that will be used in the longitudinal study will be tabulated with the student profile information that will not be available for public view until the final report is presented at one of the TED "TED is a global community, welcoming people from every discipline and culture who seek a deeper understanding of the world. We believe passionately in the power of ideas to change attitudes, lives and, ultimately, the world. On TED.com, we're building a clearinghouse of free knowledge from the world's most inspired thinkers — and a community of curious souls to engage with ideas and each other, both online and at TED and TEDx events around the world, all year long." (https://www.ted.com/about/our-organization) Professional Digital Portfolio All the reference material will be documented into the professional digital portfolio documenting each student’s skills, attributes and achievements. The portfolio represents a visual summary that demonstrates to the student that they are more than a grade on a test paper or a person on a team. It articulates for each student that they have the chance to change their lives and the lives of those around them. It cannot be stressed enough that the only way this program will be able to meet all its goals in the next five years is with this comprehensive educational tool. Generationally these students have a working knowledge of and refer to digital resources before any other academic resource tool that an educator can give them. Ultimately, the professional portfolio becomes a tool to interview for a job shadow experience, interview for an internship, interview for a college/trade school/certificate program admission while qualifying for financial assistance. All of these components are imperative to successful college acceptance, admission and winning of scholarship awards. The interactive website will allow each participate and their parents/guardians to navigate from one educational platform to the next, navigating the maze of choices. Every individual’s maze is unique. SITM uses experiential learning devices in a digital format to articulate the principles of leadership, character, and success in critical ways. Today, a youth’s perception of school seems to be contingent on who’s wearing what, who’s the best at whatever, and who’s dating whom. There is little understanding about their educational career. Due to the drastic changes in technology in recent years, children are being raised accordingly; hence, the program’s use of the digital portfolio for students to “showcase” their attributes. Web-based portfolios have demonstrated that learners have a better understanding of the assessment and develop a better understanding of their own learning (Chen et al., 2000). Many students commented that reflection and collection of evidence is important to the process of learning (Wall et al., 2006). The importance of the digital portfolio and the interactive website are thus twofold: to meet today’s technological advancement and mindset; and to change the student’s perception of their own learning and place the learning process, mainly the development of the “academic product” in the students’ hands so they gain a better understanding of the process of learning. This longitudinal study over five years will measure the correlation between the digital work that the students do with their academic success in their home schools. SITM intends to develop, operate and collect data, including but not limited to effects on graduation rates and attendance and acceptance into post-secondary institutions which will be reported in the web-based digital professional portfolio, tracking of academic performance from the student’s home school as well as the remediation initiatives at each of the academic training centers. Each partnership academic center will provide tutoring/homework helpers, gifted and talented enrichment for every student, guidance services for course selection for secondary and post-secondary schools, preparation for college entrance exams, Financial Aid Nights and Parent workshops supervised by a Financial Aid College Consultant, guidance services for those students who will not be able to satisfy graduation requirements, academic remediation to build basic school skills that have been identified in educational assessments, completion of college and scholarship applications, job shadow experiences, mentoring programs, and leadership development. In order to change students’ perception of what they can achieve in an academic setting, a program must start with a single unified awareness that begins with stimulating the students and demonstrating to them that they can succeed. The stimulus that will engage the students is the standards based innovative and the sustainable use of a custom designed interactive website that will help students produce a professional digital portfolio that can be viewed by the students’ home school district, college recruiters, admissions departments, as well as scholarship committees. Plan for Step Into The Maze – Interactive Professional Digital Portfolio Website The foundation of the program’s success is requiring students to learn the content and apply it to other learning experiences rather than copying and parroting the same information back to the education professional. This is why the five year longitudinal study by the SITM program is anticipated to be so successful. The students are in control of their own learning experiences and have the opportunity to present their learning standards in the form of a Professional Digital Portfolio. Students document the skills, talents, and attributes that they are most successful at. Typically about half way through the first year of building the portfolio, students will start to see something that they have not seen, a balanced realistic view of what they are able to accomplish if they demonstrate a willingness to put the time and effort into their education plan. Suddenly, to their surprise, their grades go up, they go from being unable to graduate, to someone who may graduate with honors, have a summer job and get into their college of choice with a scholarship package that makes the most expensive school seem reasonable. Check out the Step Into The Maze's Wall of Fame to see results of past student successes. During the first two years of the grant of a multi-functional Public/Private/Digital Partnership Academic Achievement Plan, there is a substantial expense associated with the construction of the Interactive Web-Based Professional Digital Portfolio, the corporate education and technology center that allow for the "Go Live" Schedule of Events to occur in a timely manner. Until all of the programming can be completed, the students will have to rely on using the laptop computers and printers to produce a paper version of the Digital Professional Portfolio. Experience has shown that students use the excuse, “if I cannot pay for it or send it why bother doing the work” which creates a reason to not follow through and complete the activities. The Kickstarter Campaign will allow for the economic barriers faced by Step Into The Maze to be broken down for the students letting them see success immediately. The ability of the students to construct their portfolio in a cutting edge interactive website will engage the students with a natural learning device that becomes a differentiated learning standards based assessment of The Game Plan. Once the Interactive Web-Based Professional Digital Portfolio is complete, the student can then publish their portfolio which will allow perspective colleges, employers, and scholarship committees secure access to the digital book which highlights the whole person rather than a GPA/SAT score. Risks and challenges Step Into The Maze's biggest challenge is security. How does the organization design a website that will protect all of our students from all of the dangers that are on the web today and still provide the comprehensive academic remediation and portfolio design elements that the modern college and scholarship application process is now looking for in a comprehensive digital format. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter