Cedell Davis, one of the very last true Delta Bluesmen, 89 years young, and ready to make the best record of his life. Cedell Davis has faced every obstacle imaginable while growing up in Helena, Arkansas, a stone’s throw from the Mississippi River. The first obstacle was Typhoid Malaria Fever, then Polio that twisted his hands and legs in knots. Additionally, he had a mother that didn't allow him to play blues around the house. In spite of these obstacles, his life of playing music began at the age of 7. He was walking to the pea patch to pick peas for supper when he found a Harmonica in the dirt, he stills says it was one of the happiest days of his life. Later, he purchased an old guitar and started teaching himself how to play but then Polio hit him. Hands crippled by Polio, he had to learn how to play guitar again. He developed his own unique technique of using a butter knife as a slide, creating a raw, original sound that allowed him to chase his passion of singing the blues. He was later injured in a stampede from a club in St. Louis, somebody shot a gun, and he was trampled underfoot, landing him in traction for months. Cedell went on to play music around the world until 2005 when his life was permanently altered by a stroke, tragically robbing him of his ability to play guitar. What Cedell Davis hasn't lost is his passion to sing the blues and to connect with an audience. Mr. Davis returned to the stage in April of 2008 at the Juke Joint Festival, in Clarksdale, Mississippi, and on to the Deep Blues Festival in Minneapolis, Minnesota the same year, backed by the Hot Springs, Arkansas band, Brethren. What was lost in his ability to play guitar has been made up for by an even deeper, richer, resonant voice, from a man that has certainly paid his dues. Mr. Davis is set to go into the studio this August, and according to him, to make the best record of his life, with the assistance of a high profile producer, and an all-star backing band volunteering their time, names you simply will not believe. Come, and be a part of this incredible story, be a part of blues history. Please help Cedell Davis make the best record of his life, in his twilight years. Your support will be much appreciated. Risks and challenges There are many risks and challenges to this project. The main challenge to this project is to assure that Mr. Davis owns his record, and that is the main reason we are seeking funding through Kickstarter. There is the challenge of catching some lightning in the studio, but with a producer with 20 years of experience in the blues, along with a Grammy, I believe we are in good hands. Also, with this all-star band of seasoned musicians, gives me even more confidence. Mr. Davis is receiving state of the art hearing aids next week to help him sing to his highest potential. I believe this record was meant to be, and Mr. Davis keeps having these dreams at night that he will win a Grammy for best Blues Record of the year. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter