Oh, hello there! We are so glad you are here! Please take a moment to see what we are so excited about!MARCHOne year ago, our band met up (in March) to talk about putting together a full length album of music we love that we knew our fans, friends, and even strangers would love (our family HAS to love it, right?). So we wrote, edited, practiced, listened, and began to select the 11 songs that make up the album we want to record. We wanted to produce a country album that connected to the heartache and story of the genre, but provided each listener with the idea that we are not hopeless. Some songs are about love and heartbreak, some are about life's daily frustrations, but each song has something to say about hope. The album is called March, which implies many things, but most importantly, it provides a command to get together and move forward with determination. We believe that this is a message that needs to be heard and it is with that intention that we have decided to go for it, even with our limited financial resources. OUR GOALWe want to record an 11 song album with Producer/Songwriter/Scientist Aaron Bowen. We are recording most of the album live (in a FACTORY!) and will be using a few extra hands and voices to add a little sizzle and spice. JOIN THE INFANTRYWe want to partner with you to raise the remaining cost to record, produce, and release the album. $6,000 will pay for: $4,000 (recording, production, mixing, mastering) $2,000 (printing the CDs, merchandise costs, and shipping) You can be a part of this process by selecting a package that sounds awesome to you. We are excited about the album, but there are some other amazing things we are putting together as a way to say "THANK YOU TO THE MOON AND BACK!" Check out what we have to offer and follow the steps to purchase a package and become an honorary member of our Infantry!Oh, and FYI, there are lots of other things we would like to do with this album, so anything beyond our goal will go to helping us prepare for a tour, create more merchandise, and repair our rehearsal equipment. Also, if you are new to Kickstarter, we want to let you know that we have to meet our goal of $6,000 to receive ANY of the money. And we only have 30 days! It is all or nothing, which is kind of scary, but also kind of brave (we think, at least). Please contact us if you have any questions!! And last, but not least, THANK YOU! Thank you for being awesome. Thank you for your support. We know that music needs a listener, and we are pretty stoked that ours can be yours if we meet our goal. With Love (and bears?), KATIE LEIGH & THE INFANTRY Katie Leigh, Ashley, Jared, and Turtle Risks and challenges Once we finish recording, there will be a few more steps until the music is delivered to your door. We have done all we can to prepare for this stage of production. We even have a spreadsheet! We are organized and ready for action. So, we basically won't be going anywhere until we can get the music to you (and all of the other thank you gear, too), and since we like going places and playing live, you better believe we'll be hustling to have everything done with time to spare!! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter