Hello everyone and welcome to my first ever kickstarter project. My name is Christopher Tripp, and this project is actually very special to me. This project is for my father. Just to give you a little background info, my father has been a professional musican for over 30 years. He has been playing the guitar since he was 7. Growing up with a talented father with great musical abilities has been a very interesting experience. He has opened shows for Vince Gill, Mary Chapin Carpenter, been seen on television over 40 times, and in 1992 actually won the largest country music competition in the world at that time. Just FYI Garth Brooks was in the same competition years before...and LOST! So now you know who I am talking about. As for the project itself here it is...its a music video. My father has written numerous songs, and one of them is called Man from the Mountains. Its a tribute song to John Denver who was one of my father's favorite musicians, but more importantly this is a suprise for my father. If this project is funded I am going to present the whole thing to him as a late Father's Day gift, because he has wanted to do a music video for this song for years. However, that is where I need your help the PEOPLE!!! We are going to need money for various things. We will need some filming equipment, props, editing equipment, and of course we will need to help provide all those who are going to help us the day of the shoot lunch, and some compensation for their time and effort. Now how this works is basically as follows: You watch this video You decide whether or not you wish to donate money to the project I have a goal total that I must reach If I do not reach this goal within 30 days...you will not be charged anything However, if I do reach my project goal then its show time, and you will have helped a son give his father something awesome for Father's Day, and with the finished video we will put online for everyone to see, and perhaps who knows...bring recognition to someone I think is very talented. So there you have it. I now leave my projects fate in your hands, and I do hope that this will be the beginning of a beautiful friendship.....where you give me money....and I give you something awesome!