Brian Creates an AWESOME Debut Album of Ambient Chill-Out ElectronicaI come from an interesting musical background. My grandfather was a multi-instrumentalist who played banjo, piano, organ, flute, piccolo, and clarinet. For a time, he played with the Paul Whiteman Orchestra and the Dorsey Brothers. He was close friends with Ferde Grofé, whom he often joined on fly-fishing trips up the Black River in Michigan.Grandpa McNett also built radios. The love of electronics runs in the family. Dad was a radioman in the Navy.Me? I took to both at an early age. My early influences come from the 1960's, but really take off with the Berlin School musicians of the 1970's, like Tangerine Dream and Klaus Shulze, plus Krautrock legends like Hans-Joachim Roedelius (with a fair bit of Fripp and Eno mixed in for good measure).Don't look to me for dance music. I love it, it's just not what I perform or write. What I do is properly classified as "Space Music". Old School Ambient Electronica on Steroids.The Synths Moog Music Minimoog Voyager Old School My pride and joy. No MIDI, no patch memory, no presets. Every sound you hear from this little bundle of electronic heaven is sculpted by turning the knobs and throwing the switches. This is hands-on music, and every note that comes off this machine is one I played with my own two hands.Here's what the Minimoog can sound like when I play it:http://soundcloud.com/brian-mcnett/minmoog-soloOf course, that's just one setting, and doesn't give the full range or versatility of the instrument. Dave Smith Instruments Prophet '08 Second ONLY to the MiniMoog. This is an eight-voice analog polyphonic synth under digital control. It's an excellent compliment to the MiniMoog. I use it for lush strings and pads. It's also my go-to MIDI keyboard. Dave Smith is the father of MIDI, so the implementation here is done right. I love this thing!http://soundcloud.com/brian-mcnett/prophet-08-pad Moog Music Slim Phatty, Audio Interfaces, and Moogerfoogers The Slim Phatty is an incredible little synth. It has the most awesome arpeggiator ever! What's an arpeggiator, you ask? An arpeggiator allows you to step through a series of notes based on any chord you play on the keyboard. It can sound something like this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Arpeggiator.oggThe audio interfaces are the M-Audio Profire 2626 (26 input channels and 26 outputs. More than I need, for sure, but incredible for that) and the MOTU 8pre (which I have patched into the ADAT inputs of the Profire bringing out eight of the digital inputs of the former (allowing me to use 16 of the 26 audio ins (more possible sound sources than I need. Yay!)). Off to the left is my Livid Instruments Ohm64 controller, and at the bottom of the rack, three Moog Music Moogerfooger effects pedals (Ring Modulator, Low-Pass Filter, and the MIDI MuRF). Also pictured: My right knee. Oops! Here's the Slim Phatty in action:http://soundcloud.com/brian-mcnett/slim-phatty-arpeggios Synthesizers.com Modular This thing is a BEAST, and easily the most expensive synth I own. The cabinets are custom, and alas, the upper one is unfinished. It needs work, as there's a power distribution issue in the upper cabinet. However, all the sound-making parts are in the LOWER cabinet. IF my Kickstarter project exceeds its goal, I'll get the upper cabinet power issue resolved and the sequencer will feature prominently on the album. If not, I'll still be using the modular, but the sequencing will be in MIDI, rather than the old-school style I'd prefer.Oh, and the sheet music? This: http://snd.sc/McrqbyThe modular takes a great deal of time and effort to patch so that it produces sound, so I haven't got a sound sample of it alone. I'll be fixing that in short order. In fact, the modular calls for a full-blown youtube experience. You'll see that here shortly as well.What You're Paying ForRecording the music is easy. Producing an album from it, harder. There are things like, actually ripping CDs, and the album artwork which have to be considered. For digital downloads there are certain fixed costs. And then there are incidentals -- things you can't predict ahead of time that you'll need to do. $6000 goes a long way to covering those expenses, and I certainly couldn't do that out of pocket.If I Go Over...If I go over my goal, then things like having the album professionally mastered become possible. There's also the possibility of a re-mix CD. Then there's this: Moog Music Slim Phatty in its Box Yes, I own a second Slim Phatty. It remains in its box for reasons unknown to anyone but me (and I'm not talking). IF I exceed my goal by $1000, this puppy comed out of the box, and I use it on the album. If not, it stays in the box. Basically, I'm holding this Phatty hostage. <evilgrin> Here's the thing -- The Slim Phatty is designed to be chained together polyphonically (up to eight of them). While I'm not proposing to fund gear acquisition syndrome with my Kickstarter, I have existing gear, which I wont use unless the budget allows.There are also additional possibilities which I'll add on as the project advances.