Why I'm asking for your supportI have released several albums over the years with my most recent releases being Digital only. My latest Ambient Highways was released in digital form and is proving to be my most successful thus far. It has also won a couple of noteworthy music awards. Several fans have noted they would like a signed copy of the CD if I released it in physical form. I also find that I need physical CDs in order to send to various music review sites as well as radio stations for potential airplay as this is generally the desired media they need and sometimes the only media they will accept. You can listen to samples of Ambient Highways on my website located here: http://www.krichiemusic.com/music/ambient_highways/ Global Music Awards winner Bronze Medal from Global Music Awards for October 2015http://www.globalmusicawards.com/ ReviewsThe following reviews were given to Ambient Highways. My hope is that they will give you more encouragement to back me on this project. Ambient Highways review by Robbie Tee of Jamsphere Ambient Highways review by Jer of Sleeping Bag Studios Ambient Highways review by Steve Sheppard of One World Music The funds I’m raising will cover the costs of manufacturing the initial run of the discs and promotional services for the album. More about meI am a professional software developer, but when I'm not writing software, I love to make music! I first became obsessed with electronic music in the early 80’s by being exposed to the fascinating music of John Carpenter, and later Tangerine Dream which are two of my biggest influences. Additional major influences include Carbon Based Lifeforms, Enya, Deep Forest, Kraftwerk, Vangelis, and Christopher Franke. Most of my work reflects those major influences. My style is mostly Ambient, Symphonic Electronica, and Soundtrack. In 2006 I released my album The Maestoso Interstellar Suite. This album contains a continuous piece of space music split across 6 movements. In 2008 I released La Famille Du Solénoïde, which is a musical tour through our solar system, inspired by the book The Planets by Dava Sobel. Four years later in 2012 brought the release For the Willow Wept…. For the Willow Wept is a collection of soothing electronic music about those once lost and those found. March of the Inanimate was released in October 2014 which is a homage to the classic horror movie soundtracks produced by John Carpenter and Alan Howarth who co-wrote the music to classics such as Halloween, the Fog, and numerous others. Ambient Highways, released in August of 2015, represents what I believe is some of my best music yet. Starting with Neutrino and its particle like sequences that rise and fall throughout the track and then being thrown immediately into a 1940's noir like state with V Feeling (a homage to the classic Greek composer Vangelis), you won't feel as if this album is repetitive at all. The album’s title song Ambient Highways comprises lush pads and a soft melody surrounding the listener in a blanket of symphonic electronica. Additional songs on this release range from a melancholy like feeling to an exuberant state in their overall composition, yet pulls the listener through theses emotions with the albums crescendoing track Keeping the Dream Alive. If you're looking for some ambient-style music that is relaxing and easy to listen to, then check out Ambient Highways. I'm sure there is something to please just about everyone.Thank you for your consideration! Keith Richie Risks and challenges I have released a few albums before and my fan base continues to grow. I have had lots of encouragement from my fans; my family; and my friends to continue making music. I feel I am qualified to finish and deliver a quality product and ensure all the rewards are delivered in a timely manner. The Digital Copy of the music is a simple process. However the cost for the initial run of CDs is what this campaign is all about. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter