Our Kickstarter campaign has ended, but you can order a Mailman now from our website, www.toymail.coLets plan the future of Toymail together. Follow us on Twitter and like us on Facebook so that we can stay connected.Our twitter link is https://twitter.com/toymailcoOur FB is https://www.facebook.com/ToymailCo Send messages to kids, through their toys. It's called Toymail. It's like voicemail or email but way more fun because your messages are sent to toys to speak back. Parents, grandparents, cousins, neighbors, friends (really, anyone who matters) can stay connected to kids they love using Toymail. Think of our toys as messengers. You simply record a voice message using our app from anywhere in the world, hit send, and our Mailmen™ toys will speak them back in their funny voice (or yours). And, kids can reply to you right from their toys. So whether you're a mom at work, a dad in the checkout line, a friend down the street, or a grandma an ocean away, you can stay connected to the kids you love. Order our toys here and you will get 10% off + free shipping! Our campaign is super short because we want to leave time to ship for the holidays. Please help support us now :)Meet our Mailmen.™The WIFI enabled Mailmen™ are a new breed of smart toys that connect wirelessly with your home WIFI network to receive messages sent anytime, from anywhere in the world. Toymail is for kids, and kids at heart.Toymail is a fun way to send mail to little ones, and participate in their play no matter where you are in the world. The app, just as fun to use as the toys, can apply filters to make your voice sound funny. Grandma, now you can use Toymail to sing your lil' pudding cup to sleep every night from the comfort of your new condo in Nuevo Vallarta. Mom, stop telling your son to brush his teeth. Get our toys to do the dirty work for you (our raccoon has a way of getting bicuspids clean). You are a 9-year-old girl, and you are in love. No better way to convey that than by having the Mailmen tell your boo how much he smells like onions. Dad, we understand you are knuckle-deep in fantasy football. Send wildly funny messages to your kids' Mailmen to keep them at bay until your team is fully assembled. Our favorite part.Little kids can't pick up a phone and call you. But with Toymail, children can reply to you directly from their Mailmen. So this is not just any talking toy, but one that can carry on a two-way conversation. One more thing.To further ensure that the toys never run out of things to say, the Toymail Company offers the Daily Toymailer, a message sent to everyone's Mailmen each morning. This might be a song, a little known fact, or an inspiring quote. Don't worry about running out of material or time. We will make sure the Mailmen greet your child by name and keep your toys talking every single day.How it works.Our Mailmen™ have WIFI built in. Setting up your toy so that it can send and receive Toymail is as easy as downloading the Toymail app onto your phone. All software updates are wirelessly transmitted to your Mailmen. You'll connect your toys to your home WIFI network within minutes. From there you'll send out invites to friends and family (or they will invite you!) so that everyone you want can get connected to yours or your kid's toys.Mailmen check for new messages every seven minutes or so. Children will never miss a message. When there's a new one waiting, the Mailmen will alert the child a few times and the child will press play. The child will also be prompted to reply after each message, and can respond any number of times to the last sender. The Toymail App.Our app is a free download (available from the app store when our product ships). Each Toymail message sent or received costs one virtual stamp. You'll get 10 free stamps every month. When you need more, you can buy books of 50 stamps for only $.99. What is Toymail Company all about?We started with a simple question: "Can toys be made to evolve every day?” We realized that with user created content, we could do just that. We believe there's a better way to design technology for kids, and that's by making toys social. Toymail is: Physical – Most apps isolate kids. Ours does the opposite. We're putting technology into a toy, rather than putting kids in front of another screen. Simple – Little kids can't pick up a phone and call you easily. But send a message to them, and they can reply with a press of a button. Social - Parents, grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins, and friends can all stay connected to kids they love, through play. Evolving - With user created content, our toys change every single day. Our toys grow up as children do. Each Mailmen's character will become a composite of all the important people in a child's life. Who thought this up?Toymail was created by Gauri Nanda, the entrepreneur from MIT who designed Clocky®, the alarm clock that runs away, and her best friend, Audry Hill, a mother of three. Gauri created Clocky. Hear her talk about Toymail. Developing ToymailDesign of the Mailmen began in the spring of 2012. Like most innovation, Toymail began with a need. What drove us in creating the Mailmen was the desire to be able to say whatever might be on our minds when we weren't around to say it in person. And the reality is that most people are away from their kids more often than they would like, sometimes all day, sometimes days at a time. Toymail is for them. It's for anyone who matters in the life of a child but isn't always geographically present. We started with a simple idea, to send messages to a toy. For the next 6 months, we explored all the possibilities of form and features in our app and our toys. We asked kids to comment. At the end, we decided to strip away anything that wasn't essential. The hardest thing to do was to make things simple again.We loved the look of a street mailbox. We drew hundreds of characters that could morph into this familiar shape. In working with our engineers, we determined an optimal layout for placing the batteries, the buttons, the speaker, and the microphone. We performed detailed analysis of all of the character's parts to ensure they were strong enough for child safety standards. And, we adjusted the shape of the Mailmen eyes, ears, nose, mouth, to ensure they would react well with our molding process. Determining how to get the messages to the toys was something we iterated on a number of times. We considered an option which would transmit data wirelessly, but not over WIFI. This would require an extra dongle for set up. In talking to others about our ideas, we became privy to other WIFI chips on the market that could be integrated into each toy. People expect easy set up with everything these days and they should. We tested the electronics over and over and over again until the Mailmen started to speak. We are currently beta testing our Toymail app, and expect our software to be complete by the end of November, just in time to ship. Toymail features and specs.App Features Send audio message to kids' toys, the Mailmen™ Option to apply filters to your voice Receive replies from your kids, sent directly from their toys Play with your kids anytime, from anywhere in the world Store all of your incoming and outgoing messages Daily Toymailer service guarantees Mailmen get new messages every day Each Toymail message sent or received costs one virtual stamp. You get ten free stamps with your download. Additional stamps can be purchased in stamp books. Toy Features Five Toymail characters (and many more on paper that we'd like to bring to life!) Built-in WIFI that connects Mailmen to your home WIFI network in minutes Mailmen check for messages every several minutes Mailmen alert you of new messages with whines, whinnies, growls, and snorts Kids can reply to the last sender any number of times directly from their toy These replies are stored in your Toymail app account Mailmen are always on between the hours of 6 a.m. and 9 p.m., ready to receive new messages Specs Dimensions: 3.26"x 3.38" x 4.6" Weight: .385 (without batteries installed) Material: Child safe ABS and PVC plastic Ages: 3+ Battery: 4 AA not included Battery life: Runs for a year with normal daily use Patent Pending Works with iPhone 4, 4S running iOS 5 or any iPod Touch with iOS 5, 6, and 7, and iPad. Our Android app will be available in 2014. We need your help!If you're like us, you think toys can be better. We can make this happen. But we need you to help us in the revolution. In exchange, you'll get one of the Mailmen at a special price. To see all of the Mailmen, visit www.toymailco.com.We've been working on the development of our products for a year and a half. What you see in our videos are real working prototypes. We designed and re-designed the Mailmen, the app, and now we're testing. We've got some bugs. Just the other day our Mailmen kept spontaneously shouting,"Messages are coming!" as if they were overly eager to start their jobs. We expect those things to be resolved soon. Because our products are wirelessly based, we can update our toy's software anytime we like. And we've got units we're about to ship to beta testers. 100 percent of the funds we raise in Kickstarter will help us complete production. If things go well with the campaign, our hope is to get the items to our IOS users by the holidays! With your support, we can start delivering Toymail to kids around the world. Our stock of Mailmen will be limited, so you really should make haste. Here's Gus getting a birthday toymail. Here's Sadie and a Mailmen getting her outta bed. Here's Charlie enthusiastically sending a reply. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Here's Buck delivering Daphne a very surprising message. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Here's Snort talking about how he loves being one of the Mailman. What happens next? If we meet our goal, we'll be able to finish production. At the end of the campaign, we'll send out a survey asking you what phone you use, and where you live. International backers will be responsible for applicable tariffs and customs fees. We will be able to ship to IOS customers in the US and Canada in time for the holidays, while quantities last.Other ways to join us!Share! If you believe in what we're doing and why we're doing it help share the Toymail story. Please "like" this kickstarter page, tweet about us, pin us, and email your friends and family. While you're at it, visit Toymail Co. on Facebook and "Like" us there too, and follow us on Twitter @toymailco.Visit www.toymailco.com for more info.Check out our page on Facebook & follow us on Twitter!Press?If you're a member of the press, you can download everything you need right here. Contact us at press@toymailco.com for additional questions.Thank you for your support! Risks and challenges Risks and Challenges There are a few, but we've done this before so we're ready. SHIP DATE: We have built in extra time for the manufacturing process and are confident we will ship to our IOS customers living in the US and Canada by the end of the year while supplies last, and all other customers thereafter. We will always keep you informed if things take longer than planned. PRODUCT: We have built over 100 working prototypes. We will only make design refinement to the software now to fix bugs and enhance the product experience. We have tested our product to comply with ASTM, CPSIA and FCC standards. MANUFACTURING We have established relationships with experienced contract manufacturers to mitigate the risk of delays by material suppliers and to ensure quality control is implemented to the highest level. We have built test prototypes with our manufacturer and they fully understand our product, specifications and production timeline. We are in pre-production stages and will finish production as soon as we hit our milestone. Our products will ship to IOS customers in the US and Canada before the holidays this year itself. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter