Justin Johnson is grabbing his guitars & heading back to the studio to record the High-Octane, Revved Up, Full-Band Roots Blues album that everyone's been asking for! We’ve travelled hundreds of thousands of miles, bringing Roots & Blues to stages around the world, and when all of those miles stretch out in front of you, nothing keeps you going like that hard-drivin’ music that wakes you up, gets you rocking, and keeps your blood runnin' hot! The beat takes hold, you get lost in the rhythm, and the hours fly by like the mile markers.Drivin’ It Down is going to be that sound! ..Super Funky, Foot Stompin’, Revved Up, Rootsy Blues!!! Justin is hand-selecting some VERY exciting Guest Artists to fill out the sound of this album, with driving drums, electric bass, guitars, harmonica, keys, horns,.. you name it! We can’t announce names just yet... but we'll fill you in as we go.. and giving your support through this Kickstarter means you’ll be the FIRST to find out who Justin has chosen to collaborate with, to bring life to the sound! Drivin’ It Down will feature full-band versions of some of Justin’s most rockin' & hard drivin' songs like “Crankin’ It Up” from Justin's recent video playing the 3-String Shovel Guitar, that went Viral with over 30 million views in the first week it was posted! We can’t WAIT to Fill it Out, Rev it Up, and Bring it to You! This album will be recorded at the legendary, world-class Cash Cabin Studio, the studio built by Johnny Cash, where he recorded his “American Recordings." It will be engineered and co-produced by Chuck Turner. The catalog of artists Chuck's recorded reads like a “who’s who” of the Country, Blues, Rock, Gospel, and Soul music history. With the changing climate of today’s music business, record labels are no longer necessary for independent artists to produce a project of this magnitude.. in fact the “business” of a label, with it’s focus on the financial bottom line, can often have the unfortunate effect of controlling and squelching the art. We have chosen to remain free from those ties, so that we can produce music that is solely informed by the artistic inspiration and process. What that means is that, in this new age of crowd-sourced funding, we depend on YOU, the Music Fans, to make it possible to cover the costs of bringing this album to life.The costs that a record label would normally cover include studio time, studio & guest musician fees, recording, mixing, mastering, duplication, printing, shipping, marketing, distribution, licensing fees, promotions, and more. In addition, this album will be mastered for vinyl, cut, plated, pressed, and printed, shipped, and distributed for release on vinyl. In this new age of digital communication and social media, it is now possible for us, as artists, to share the vision with you and cover those expenses by organizing pre-orders of the album, and other fun incentives, like hand-built guitars, signature products, one-of-a-kind packages, and other great rewards. Check out the column to the right, to choose from the awesome rewards we're offering for your support! Nashville-based Roots Blues and Americana artist Justin Johnson has been hailed by Guitar World as a “must-see act,” lauded as an “American Master” by John Carter Cash, a “musical visionary” by Ted Nugent, and had his musical approach described as “timeless” by North Mississippi Allstar frontman Luther Dickinson. He has been recognized as Slidestock International Slide Guitar Champion, and his original music has been licensed to Wieden & Kennedy, Dodge Motor Co, Ken Burns, Florentine Films, and the list keeps growing. Justin Johnson blurs the lines between the traditional and the cutting edge, taking current day music back to it’s roots and keeping the blues alive.•Justin Johnson has toured the world as a performing musician throughout mainland Australia and Tasmania, Europe, The United Kingdom, and coast to coast in North America.•Justin Johnson's original song "Midnight at the Crossroads," from his Smoke & Mirrors double album, was licensed to Florentine Films for Ken Burns' documentary film "Jackie Robinson." •"In the Pines" from Smoke & Mirrors was licensed to the one of the largest independently owned ad agencies in the world, Wieden + Kennedy, for the "Dodge Brothers" national ad campaign for Dodge Motor Company.•"Grinnin in Your Face" from Smoke & Mirrors is featured on NPR Back Porch Music's "Best of Back Porch Music Vol. 18: Old Enough to Know Better" 2015 Compilation Album.•Justin Johnson is founder of Roots Music School in Nashville, TN. Under this umbrella, he has released an Instructional Series currently consisting of 5 DVDs and a book on Roots Music technique and theory. As Roots Music School founder, Justin Johnson has partnered with educators across the country to develop Roots Music curriculum for schools. YOU CAN COUNT ON US TO DELIVER ABOVE & BEYOND! CHECK OUT WHAT WE ACCOMPLISHED WITH OUR LAST KICKSTARTER FUNDRAISING EFFORTS! We asked for your support, you gave above and beyond what we asked for, so we went above and beyond with the product every time! Check those projects out at the following links: Justin Johnson's If Walls Could Talk CD/DVD SetJustin Johnson's newest album, Recorded at Cash Cabin and Produced by 5x Grammy Award winner John Carter Cash and Chuck Turnerhttp://www.rootsmusicschool.com/if-walls-could-talk.htmlJustin Johnson's Smoke & Mirrors Double Album Set Justin Johnson's Double Album Box Set Smoke & Mirrors: a celebration of the past, present, and future of American Roots instruments www.justinjohnsonlive.com/SMOKEMIRRORS.htmlJustin Johnson's Instructional Roots Music DVD Series Roots Music According to Justin Johnson: 3-String Guitar Roots Music According to Justin Johnson: One-String Diddley Bow Roots Music According to Justin Johnson: Slide Guitar for 4-string Roots Music According to Justin Johnson: Slide Technique for 3-String Guitar Roots Music According to Justin Johnson: Slide Technique 6-string Guitar in Standard Tuning www.rootsmusicschool.com/store.htmlWe know this is a lot to take in. If you want to know more...• Read the rest of this page. • Send us a message here on Kickstarter or email us. Plus, we’ll add more to this page, and we'll be sending updates, along the way. Be sure to check back and check the UPDATES section! Risks and challenges REALLY IMPORTANT KICKSTARTER DETAILS: You will NOT be charged until we meet our goal of $20k. If we do not reach our goal, we will not receive any money and you will NOT be charged. If we reach our goal of $20k, you will be charged for what you pledged and the items you purchased will be shipped to you by the estimated delivery date listed in the description. Every pledge is rewarded from the smallest to the largest. Please view the sidebar to see what you can get for helping us breathe life into this project! It is also possible to raise more than our goal! The more support, the better!! Whatever we raise over our goal will just help us to create a better product! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter