Our website: www.own-mailbox.comPour les français : www.own-mailbox.com/fr/Our youtube Chanel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyP9tWOK9dJLXcwIxzkYdlgOwn-mailbox protects your privacyDid you know that all traditional email providers (GMail, Outlook, Yahoo Mail, ...) can spy on you? As they have access to all emails that you write, they can be forced to disclose them to governments and intelligence service. In addition, many of these companies also access and analyze your emails for marketing purposes. Own-Mailbox is designed to make sure that no one can spy on you, not even us. What is Own-Mailbox? Own-Mailbox is a personal email server you can run in your own home, with strong privacy protection measures integrated at its core. It provides self-hosted email addresses, or connects with your existing email address. In both cases, you can seamlessly send and receive encrypted emails from anywhere in the world, through the Own-Mailbox webmail interface, or using external email software (such as Thunderbird or Outlook).Own-Mailbox, is very easy to set-up and use - as easy as a GMail account.Own-Mailbox automatically encrypts your emails using Gnu Privacy Guard, a strong encryption software. This is the same software that has been used by Edward Snowden (as shown in the movie Citizenfour).Own-Mailbox allows you to send and receive confidential messages even with people who don't use email encryption yet. For this purpose we introduce PLM, a new technique that allows you to send a filtered and temporary HTTPS link to your contacts. This link points to your private message hosted on your Own-Mailbox. Our Values Main Features We decided on September 27, that we will develop the following functionality for June 2016: Optional FeaturesThere are some other features we would like to develop, but we cannot guarantee that we will have sufficient resources unless our campaign reaches a certain level of foundingsHere are the features and the funds we would need to develop them: Free Software and Open Hardware Free Software and Open hardware is important because it gives everybody the possibility to check in detail that the Own-Mailbox does exactly what it claims to do without needing to trust us or anybody else. You have as much insight into the product as we have, nothing is hidden.This is an important condition for your Own-Mailbox to be yours, and for you to be in control.By funding this project you will allow engineers to be paid for developing Free Software that benefits everybody, rather than proprietary software that attacks us.We have already started to publish some sources on our source page.Why Own-Mailbox and not an encryption software?There are four problems related to email encryption as it currently exists that Own-Mailbox solves:1-Current email encryption prevent you from accessing your emails from anywhere in the world (at work, at the library, at a friends house, in hollydays) 2-Encryption softwares are complicated to install in some operating systems, and in some environements. 3-You cannot send confidential information to people who don't use the encryption software yet. 4-When done on a proprietary operating system (mac, windows), encryption is not reliable, because the developer of the operating system (Microsoft, Apple) has the power to break it.With Own-mailbox, you can easily send and receive confidential emails from anywhere in the world. You can send confidential information to people who don't use GPG yet. All your cryptography is done in a fully free software environment, whatever device you use to access your emails.Also self-hosting and decentralized emails make it harder to collect meta-data at large scale.Rewards Timeline How are we going to spend the money? 40%: Hardware production. 20%: Shipping costs. 15%: Taxes. 12%: Salaries for us to live on while working on the project and possibly to pay some external developers. 8%: Kickstarter and payment fees. 5%: Prototyping fees, servers and various fees. The teamWe are two associates who built Revolutek S.A.S How does it work?We are going to get a little bit technical here but you do not need to fully understand that to use Own-Mailbox.With other GPG users: Your Own-Mailbox encrypts and decrypts emails for you using GPG. You can communicate with your Own-Mailbox from anywhere in the world through a HTTPS connection. When you access your emails, your Own-Mailbox decrypts them using the OpenPGP protocol. The connection to your Own-Mailbox is secured through TLS.With people who don't use GPG yet: Your message is stored on the Own-Mailbox but only accessible via HTTPS. The Own-Mailbox sends a HTTPS link to your correspondent, so that they can access the message in encrypted form and also reply using a HTTPS protected connection. The HardwareOwn-Mailbox features a 1 Ghz processor (Allwinner A13) and 256 MB of RAM. It also includes an Ethernet controller (Lan9500A) and an SD card. The board is open hardware and was designed with Kicad (a free software). We now have prototypes that are fully capable of running GNU/Linux with a working Ethernet connection, and therefore capable of running own-mailbox software. We worked hard in order to arrive at the last version of our board. The casing is also ready to be produced. We have already published most of our hardware sources, so you can get more information about the exact state of hardware development on our source page.The SoftwareThe operating system on Own-Mailbox is GNU/Linux. For encryption, we use GPG, a widely recognized software package. Our webmail interface is based on Roundcube. We modified Roundcube in order to include features that allow you to easily send and receive confidential messages. The email server running on Own-Mailbox is Postfix.Most of the software that will be running on Own-mailbox is already existing Free Software that is tested, stable and widely recognized. We currently have a prototype version of the part of the software that we have to develop ourselves, and we will complete the first beta version in December. We will then release all the code as Free Software. Here is a demonstration video showing the current state of the software: A more detailed and technical version of this demonstration is availliable here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-zdj00s_rs Risks and challenges Hardware: Producing a PCB on scale always implies some risk. In order to reduce risk, we plan to enter into a partnership with companies that produce many different boards, including boards including the same processor as we use. Software: The major challenge with regards to our software development is that Own-Mailbox will have to adapt to a large variety of network configurations at people's homes. We are developing software that should theoretically work everywhere but we cannot test all configurations ourselves. That's why our beta program will allow us to get feedback from people all around the world before we actually ship the final version of Own-Mailbox. There is also the risk that there might be undiscovered bugs in the code that compromise the security of Own-Mailbox. In order to minimize that risk, we will have the code and the product reviewed by an external party. Management and team: We (Pierre and Romain) know each other for more than 8 years. We have already made several projects together during our studies. We know how to resolve disagreements without getting into conflict and we have set up some rules to limit the chance of any major conflict occuring. Cost: We included a safety margin when calculating estimated costs in order to be confident that we can produce the device for the given cost. That being said, a rapid, important and unpredictable increase in prices could prevent the project to be completed. But such an event is very improbable. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter