Dear friends,Thank you so much for visiting our Kickstarter site. We’re so excited about our project and we hope that you’ll catch that excitement enough to follow us, to learn more, and to donate to our cause.There are three big reasons we are forming the Commonwealth Orchestra Outreach Project. • We as musicians are deeply concerned about the future of the symphony orchestra. As audiences dwindle and both professional and community orchestras struggle to stay alive, we see our chances of making a living evaporate before our eyes. • We as listeners, audience members in our own right, are concerned about the music being presented to us. The “Top 100” of orchestral music is played over and over and over. While we’ll never really weary of playing something great, hearing the “same old same old” gets, yeah, old. On the other hand, new music often has baggage: some new music is difficult to understand, and while musicians enjoy the intellectual challenge, we also understand the resentment that many non-musician listeners sometimes feel at being sold “a bill of goods.” On the other hand, we’ve heard new pieces that are great, and everyone agrees, but why don’t we ever hear them again? • We as educators are even more alarmed at what’s happening to our children. We know what music education does for kids; it helps them reach for goals that aren’t immediate, helps them develop responsibility, citizenship and team-working skills, and helps them grow faster synaptic responses to problem solving and fine motor skills. In short, they get smarter. Where’s the basic standard of music education going these days? Sometimes, it seems, nowhere.The Commonwealth Orchestra Outreach Project (COOP) promises to address these problems with a new model for a symphony orchestra --an orchestra that satisfies our needs as musicians, delights audiences and feeds our need to experience great music. COOP will also teach young, at-risk students how to play and how to be better citizens by collaborating with the University of Massachusetts, Lowell String Project.To that end, here are our goals: • To build new repertoire that reflects and represents who we are today by commissioning new works by local, national and international composers that fit our guidelines for artistic merit, accessibility, and appeal.• To strengthen repertoire that has been forgotten or is under-heard by continuing to search out works of merit and performing them regularly. • To reinforce our programming objectives with the judicious use of Standard European Repertoire as it helps to illuminate and deepen audience understanding of new music while it enhances pleasurable concert experience. • To support composers in their craft and community orchestras in their efforts by making commissions available and non-exclusive. We will also publish new works ourselves so that we can make them affordable to community orchestras, and will provide support so that worthy new works get programmed often. • To include the audience in our programming decisions so that the pieces they want to hear are performed, and become familiar and loved. • To provide music education to the youth of Greater Lowell that follows the El Sistema model of building better citizens through music education. We will do this by collaborating with U. Mass. Lowell’s String Project, an established music education program with a student body of over 100 string students from inner city neighborhoods and unserved populations throughout the region.Building an organization of this scope takes careful, stepwise planning to raise the money needed. As we fine-tune our business plan and work on the articles of 501(c)3 incorporation, we are seeking $14,000 in start-up money. This will fund the legal expenses of incorporation, allow us to finalize our website, rent office and rehearsal space, and put money aside for our first commissioned work. In the spring, we will hire the musicians and plan our first concert, scheduled to premiere in September.We hope to inspire you with the promise of a new symphony orchestra and with the importance of continuing this part of our artistic heritage. The talent and music is there. The musicians are ready to play and the kids are ready to learn. To revitalize this form of expression, we need to bring it up to date with new music that represents and reflects who we are today, along with a new relationship with our audiences and the kids to whom we owe so much.Commonwealth Orchestra Outreach Project: Music For the Musicians, For the Audience, For Our Times.Thank you for your support,The Commonwealth Orchestra Outreach Project Development TeamLucinda J. Ellert: Artistic DirectorDaniel R. Walker: General ManagerCo-Founders: Kristen Angelos; Geraldine Barazarte; Jenny Connors; Andrew Conway; Michael Kaskiewitz; Nina Katz; Trude Witham Risks and challenges Like any new ensemble struggling to gain an audience and establish itself in the world of the performing arts, we cannot predict how the Commonwealth Orchestra Outreach Project will be received by the people of Lowell and our online presence. Nevertheless, there are several factors that point toward a better-than-average chance of success: years of experience as entrepreneurial musicians, collaborative support from a major University that wants to see us succeed, support from the community of musicians and fans. All of these factors mitigate future risk. However, that does not guarantee success! The cost-per-concert is high, especially since to perform at the level needed to support our mission, we need to pay scale. We still need support from the business community which we are currently seeking. We have relationships with several foundations that are waiting to see how we succeed with our Kickstarter campaign. If we don't make our goal, that doesn't mean that potential backers will pull out; but if we do make our goal, our future is so much more assured. So, you can see how important this Campaign is. We feel we have a realistic financial goal for start-up funding; once we've established this as our financial "resume," we'll be off and running. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter