THE SYNOPSISA powerful and emotive melo-drama following the lives of two best friends Harry and Billy. Life is great for them, both working hard in part time jobs, partying harder at the weekend and celebrating even harder with their friendsuntilthe boys both become involved in a new drug, Mephadrone, street name, Meow-Meow, where it starts to break down. The honey moon period of new highs and euphoric experiences abruptly comes to an end, friends and family drift, trust crumbles away. When its time to go back to reality Billy gets more involved, heavily addicted he loses track of himself and forgets everyone around him including himself and his childhood love, Amy who is secretly baring his child. Harry seeks redemption in the care of his friends and a new love, Louise but Billy's paranoia, anxiety and new found aggression destroys everything in his path, including the death of his unborn child.With Tom, (Harry's coy work mate) in hospital after being caught in Billy's jealous cross fire in a club along with Amy in critical condition, Sarah, Harry and Louise sit in the A n E reception waiting impatiently only to hear bad news for their friends.Lessons are learnt from the past 6 months but has Billy come to grips when once best friend lays down a final ultimatum and shares the news of the death of his unborn and his friendship with Harry. WHAT WE WANT TO ACHIEVEThe aim of this game, is to portray the strong subject matter that the film is closely based upon. The filmmakers behind A Mugs Game want to share the harsh realities of not just the negative effects of drugs, but the social, political, emotional and physical issues that drugs and particularly 'Methadrone' had caused in such a small space of time. We want our audiences to learn something new, for some can relate to the characters and the stories they are involved in.The whole point of this film is to take away a strong message, learn and realise, appreciate and as equally important, to entertain. So get involved and be a part of a movie that carries meaning and drives to make a statement about something a little different and important to many people. WHAT WE ASK FROM YOU, AND CAN ACHIEVE WITH YOUWith the support and funds generated from the amazing people through this campaign, we have a huge chance to tell powerful stories, share the messages through filmmaking, a movie that is shown to the masses, the affected and the inspired. The funds will be the foundation of the production of A Mugs Game feature film. Professional equipment with professional practitioners, talented and passionate actors and actresses, a dedicated crew, one milestone film, one powerful message.The funds generated will go to all aspects, pre-production, production and post production right through the cast and crew screenings where we will invite press and potential investors to see the film setting it up for the next step, festivals and distribution.We have some fantastic and conventional rewards to give to you as backers. We see these as fair, legitimate and also special to the film. We want to reward you with what you expect and a little more as you will be the people who make our goal come to life! So we have thought long and hard to get it right. THE PROMO VIDEO PROMO - Production Still - Main Protagonist Harry in Police Interrogation Scene In this Kickstarter Campaign a small team of dedicated and talented crew and cast came together whom shared the same ideas and vision to tell a significant story.Shot on a micro budget with help from family and friends along the way who share the same passion determined by the subject matter, this short film is to show what we can do with very little money, time and a great team as well to give you a taster of the films potential and a sneak into the narrative. Day 1 - Harry's Interrogation Scene, Ealing London Set after the events leading up to the end of the feature films story, we are sat with our main protagonist Harry, who is recapping past pivotal moments in the story. Being questioned by the police after a brawl at a club between Billy, Harry and Tom we slowly unravel the truth as the chaos unfolds. Production Still - Harry interviening Billy's attack on Tom after a misconception Making the Promo was fun! The short was made for a total of £500, for the whole lot! We had the backing of some brilliant and invaluable people who understood supported the message and direction the film peruses. We were able to shoot with a number of cameras, from the Sony PMW F3 cinema camera, Sony NEX FS100, Canon 5D Mk2 and even B roll with an iPhone 4S. ADR Session 2 - Ealing Film Studios - Paul Prepping for his session We were even lucky enough to use some other facilities along the way at Ealing Film Studios for our 2 ADR (automatic dialogue replacement) sessions and post audio mix. We want to show our production value, the resources and the potential the film will have and what can be achieved with little money. Production Still - Jimmy our dealer introducing 'Metherdrone' to the group WHAT HAPPENS ONCE THE FILM IS COMPLETED YOU SAY?The UK and International film festivals will be primarily our first protocol to reach audiences. After our 2 screenings of the promo we shot for A Mugs Game, we have come to realise that there is huge potential for education and anti drugs campaigns. When the feature film is in production, additional platforms can be used for a variety of health trusts and organisations and education. Alexx and Adam - saying a few words at the London Screening of A Mugs Game Promo We will be screening the film, firstly to cast, crew, guest, press and industry invites. Here will be the time for us to shine, you can see where your money and contributions have gone, enjoy a night with the cast and crew and other fellow backers and a chance for the film to be seen by other people to give its legs to run on festival circuit.It doesn't stop there, of course not, our team will stay up till the sun rises to keep you up to date on the films progress, what festivals it has been submitted to, where its been shown and so on and so forth. Risks and challenges We take the whole process of making our first 90 minute feature debut very seriously. It will be a huge challenge to get it right, but with everyone's help from backers to production crew but we love a challenge, its one of the reasons that makes it so much fun. We understand the craft and we share the determination in getting the story told and shown to the masses and achieving our goal. The risks? Well, one that been set in the back of all our minds is, "will people understand what we are trying to say?". We don't to miss understood as a glossy 'Skins' homage. But the film will carry the right message across. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter