Director's StatementIn twelve days, I will be heading into the Sierra Nevada mountains to shoot my thesis film for NYU Tisch Asia. The film is called 'New Earth on the Barrens," and will be roughly 22 minutes long and shot on 35mm film.The first film I shot in grad school was about a man who, after being hung by the neck by a group of scavengers in a post apocalyptic wasteland, is given a second chance at life when one of the scavengers, a little girl wearing a mask, slips him a knife to cut himself free. The film was four minutes long, shot in black and white on super 16, and was originally supposed to be a Western. Originally I had planned on having a gang of outlaws riding horseback as the bad guys, but it became quickly apparent to me that in Singapore (where NYU's Tisch Asia campus is) horses would be next to impossible to obtain. So instead of shooting a Western, I shifted genres to post-apocalyptic, which proved to be not only cheaper in terms of set design and art direction, but also more interesting to me personally.When I was a kid my mom and sister were frequently out of town competing in Irish step dancing competitions, and most of my memories of that time revolve around watching Spaghetti Westerns with my dad. There's something appealing to me (and probably to most Americans on some level) about the frontier. The way people were on the move and constantly struggling to find a place where they could start a better life for themselves. And the roads were always fraught with danger, just as they were in Samurai films and the Mad Max films, particularly the Road Warrior. It hit me one day that in many ways, the emerging post-apocalyptic genre of films is merely a re-imagining of the Western frontier story. There is usually a lone wanderer traveling from town to town, trying to do good (or as near to good as he can) in the face of desperate circumstances. With "New Earth on the Barrens," I am trying to do something very much like the Western films I used to watch with my dad. I've always been fascinated with the ways people deal with their personal connections to one another in the face of adversity, and in the ways in which relationships change when they step outside their comfort zones. This short film aims to do exactly that. NEOTB.COMCheck out www.neotb.com for an in depth look at the project description, as well as crew reels, updates on cast, new location stills, messages from Director Kyle Haskett and the Producing Team, and trailers for other Painted Horse Productions films such as Insha'Allah, an exciting new documentary about an Iraq-American doctor performing live-donor liver transplants Kurdistan.THE WORLD OF THE FILMSeventy-three years after the global economic collapse, the survivors begin to rebuild. Rogue settlements form in isolation from one another, but before long fall to sickness, starvation, and siege. Those that stand to see humanity where it once was realize the critical next step in the rebuilding process: establishing better communications to spread the common knowledge needed to survive.Harkening to the earliest days of America’s frontier, a horseback courier service is reinstated. They travel in small, armed groups, hoping on each mission that at least one will endure the long and difficult journey of delivering vital messages between the settlements. The creed of the couriers is simple: travel light, complete the mission, and stay alive.SYNOPSIS OF FILMJourneying across an unforgiving landscape, FELIX and MEGHAN are the only survivors of a small courier brigade. The two have persevered over the hazards of both man and nature, and share what little companionship can exist in their hardened world.Felix and Meghan detect a group of SLAVE TRADERS traveling near their camp, and in a bold move to acquire provisions, they engage in a violent raid. They hope to leave no survivors, but as they scavenge through the aftermath, they discover a BOY held captive by the traders.The Boy’s helplessness awakens something in Meghan, and she requests they take him with them. But Felix remains wary. Beyond the obvious compromise to their mission, he senses something insidious in the child - a lurking evil.Felix refuses and Meghan insists, and the stubbornness of the two ultimately leads to a fatal schism. As they plot their courses in separate directions, Meghan with the Boy and Felix alone, neither realizes what the choice to abandon each other will cost them in the end.DIRECTOR'S STATEMENTSince I can remember I've been writing stories. Stories that ask the reader to look beneath the outermost layer and delve a little deeper than we are often required to in today's culture. 'New Earth on the Barrens' is a script I've been developing for two years about two people who are forced to take a plunge into unfamiliar emotional territory in the most dire of circumstances. It is a film that asks the big questions I've been contemplating about life, death, and hope. I'd like to invite you to come along with me on this journey. SUPPORTWe know that $30,000 is a lot to raise, but it is the bare minimum we need to finish the film. This amount will cover the basic costs for film stock, film processing, travel, gas, cast/crew salaries, horse rentals, props, accommodations, food, and production equipment rentals. That's why we need YOUR help!Our Kickstarter will run for only 30 DAYS, taking you through the preparations of the film. You can hold us accountable for your donations and see where your money is going - we'll keep you updated through behind-the-scenes footage, stills, and blogs.Special thanks to Panavision, Kodak, Fotokem and the Tahoe community! Because of their generous support so far, "New Earth on the Barrens" will be the first NYU Tisch Asia thesis film to be shot on 35 mm film! REWARDS Glass Horses from "Painted Horse Package" in Rewards section Front of T-Shirt from "Highwayman's Package" in Rewards Section Back of T-Shirt from "Highwayman's Package" in Rewards section. www.neotb.com www.neotb.com www.neotb.com www.neotb.com