I'm a composer of classical works for solo piano. I hope you'll help me accomplish my next big project. I'm going to compose 22 short pieces for piano, inspired by the major arcana of the tarot deck. Each one will be a different composition specifically inspired by the meaning and significance of each card. One piece for each card of the Major Arcana The pieces are intended to be performed by any sufficiently trained pianist; their difficulty will range from moderate to difficult, but none will require exceptional virtuosity.Work will begin once the campaign has been funded. I predict it will take about two years to complete. Coil-bound pages sit flat on a music stand The finished collection will be delivered as either a printed book or printable PDF scores, depending on the level of your pledge. Some packages will include a recorded performance delivered as a music download. At the highest pledge level, you will receive an exclusive limited-edition of the work with extra content, some cool swag, and a nicer presentation, autographed and numbered. Raymond Buckland, an esteemed author, occultist, spiritualist and expert on the tarot, has agreed to write a foreward to accompany the printed editions. His exclusive content will be in the printed books only - it will not be available in the digital copies.Your pledge will help me buy the music software I'll require to produce professional-quality printed scores, and the software and sample libraries to render them as high-quality recordings.Even if you're not able to be a paid backer, you can still help! Share this campaign with your friends on social media - especially musicians, music teachers, pianists, piano students, educators, fans and connoisseurs of classical music. Risks and challenges I'm a conservatory- and university-trained pianist and composer, with many years of experience writing pieces for classical piano, and performing and arranging for a small jazz ensemble. I've been composing music for most of my life. In recent years I have begun offering my compositions to the public as scores. You can listen to some of my previous work at www.ianring.com, and there are even more pieces for sale at my Scubbly store. As the pieces are finished, I'll self-publish them the way I have with all my other recent compositions: I'll create a video "reel" for YouTube, and I'll put the typeset score up for sale at my Scubbly store. Everyone who pledged enough to be eligible for immediate access will be sent a download token so they can get each piece as soon as it's ready, and those that pledged for the audio recordings will get access to those. Buying all those scores individually from Scubbly will be quite a bit more expensive than the equivalent kickstarter pledge. So trust me that you'll want to jump on this kickstarter while you can. Besides, if the kickstarter isn't successfully funded, I won't have the software I need to do the project in the first place. When all 22 pieces are done, then I'll assemble the printed copies and other rewards for all the backers who pledged at those levels, and ship them out. To reach my goal, I feel very confident that I can finish at least one new piece every month. So I predict this project will take about two years to complete. That allows me an average of one piece every month, sustained over 22 months; and then a couple of months to compile the introduction, typeset all the scores, arrange printing, binding, and shipping. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter