About the Game Are you ready for an early 90's multiplayer arcade experience? Then get ready for a Golden Axe parody with a serious pair of unicorns balls! Journey through ancient mountains, fight precocious Kobolds, raid an orkish fraternity, and deal with all kinds of crazy characters and bizarre situations in this comedic brawler: "Dungeons Episode 1: The Eye of Draconus." <===CLICK ME TO SEE POSTER Genre 2.5D Brawler Platforms Windows PC Xbox 360 Indie Marketplace Features 3-Player Local Co-op Hand Painted Backgrounds Fluid sprite animation Comedic voice acting A giant fire breathing chicken The “Heroes” Bolax is a diabetic barbarian with an affinity for mead and a strong disposition towards dragons. Rose is a self-actualized woman with a sharp wit, killer looks, and a secret past. Gleobryn is a lackluster cleric, what he lacks in competence he makes up with sheer nerd power. The “Bad Guys” Kobold Commander – Fowl tempered with a cannibalistic nature, he is the undisputed tyrannical leader of the Kobolds. Motar the Inventor - Gnomish inventor and self described genius, Motar is founder of a newly forged separatist technocratic government with an unlikely alliance. The Big Kahuna - A heavy-weight jock who rules the orkish fraternity under the ancient code of Brotical. Ziegfeld and Rohan - A pair of undead wizards living for all eternity in a domestic partnership. They ward off would be larcenists from stealing their many treasures. And that's just the first chapter... Game’s History 2003 - a skit was drafted about a group of misfit adventurers traversing the land, paralleling the quests of the “Heroes of Light and Virtue", while mucking up the lives of local the inhabitants. 2005 - the sketch was transformed into a collection of scripts during an internship with an up and coming studio. The scripts were being developed for a web series that didn't quite manifest when the studio we were in production with changed directions -- literally, they moved to Los Angeles. 2008 - the scripts were rewritten, combined into a game design document, and separated into three chapters for a hilarious episodic gaming epic unlike any the world has ever seen. 2009 - the game entered the official “production phase” of development. This resulted in the early retirement of all social life, thus spending every free moment and dollar on the development of “Dungeons Episode 1: The Eye of Draconus.” Current state: After two years spent developing the Dungeons game engine, 80% of our required art assets have been obtained, and our sound track is approximately 75% complete. Estimated time to completion: 6-9 months if our funding goals are met. Sample art work: Why do we need your sweet, sweet money? This project has been underway for many years now, going back to our college days. We now stand at a precipice: If we successfully reach our funding goal, we can complete the game, promote it, then expedite our victorious release upon the unsuspecting public. If we fail, we continue to claw our way, pay check by pay check, to the eventual release of Dungeons, and trust that the game isn’t retreading old ground by then. The money you give us will go toward finishing the remaining art assets needed for Episode 1, completing the soundtrack, and for promotion. Any money we make beyond our goal will go into the art assets required for episode 2 and 3 as well as keeping us warm through this harsh, cold winter. During our development cycle, we will produce blog entries twice a month in addition to continuing monthly video updates and status reports. Our ultimate hope is that by Kickstarting this game, you are actually Kickstarting our goal of becoming an established independent game studio. We strive to be known for quality and wonderfully retro games, with a modern twist. This is our opportunity to rise up, complete this masterpiece, and make something to be proud of. We welcome all of you to show us your support. You will be giving us an opportunity to make something truly splendid while earning some neat swag to boot.