Apptimumdesign.com is a website in progress that is not yet available to the public. It will allow users to create apps for multiple platforms. (initially Android and iOS) until further revenue is gained to add even more features/platforms. This site will include the ability to modify aspects of the app easily. Some will call it the "squarespace" of app design. It will be very user friendly and intuitive. There are other sites out there to do this, but the fees are extremely high or they are not able to provide the excellent design and tools that our site will. The initial startup costs will be roughly $15,000. We are only able to provide $7,500 at this time and could use the assistance of everyone out there that would love to see these amazing features and an opportunity to get your ideas into an app. There will be options to access all aspects of the phone such as the camera, location tagging, maps, integrating social media, email, etc. Everything that you would like to create the best application to meet your needs. You will then be able to post these apps to the store on the desired platform and start selling them if you would like. All of the coding will be done in the background and all you need to do is drag and drop, modify text, and choose which functionalities you would like to incorporate. It is just so simple! We want to make access to application design available and as easy as possible. No tech/coding background required! Risks and challenges There will most definitely be challenges with the team doing the coding and development of the website. We would love feedback from anyone funding this project on what they would like to see on the site (capabilities, tools, etc) so that we can make sure it is the best product when it is put out to the public for use. This is not a project "for us, by us", it is a project "for you, by you...and us". If any hiccups arrive throughout this process we will post updates and progress. We want to be as transparent as possible with everything that we do so that we can truly earn your trust. This is obviously no little task, but we have heard too many people asking for this to just ignore the need. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter