I'm super excited about my first EP! All the songs were recorded LIVE at the famous Catalina Jazz Club, where I sang with the Blind Lemon Peel All Stars. These crazy amazing musicians have played with James Brown, Solomon Burke and Joss Stone, to name drop shamelessly.Backed by these ridiculous musicians, playing songs that I've written, I got to channel my inner Bette Midler and Janis Joplin, strong women who not only sing the songs, but live them. It's safe to say it was one of the best nights of my life. I recorded seven songs at the Catalina and would LOVE to be able to mix and share all seven, however, my Kickstarter goal will enable me to mix and share five of the songs from the night. Your contribution will go toward mixing and mastering the songs, printing the CDs with cover art, and digital distribution. If we exceed my goal by a little, I'll put the extra funds toward PR: spreading the word is ultra important! If we exceed my goal by LOTS, I'll be able to share all seven songs as well as promote them throughout the land! I'd also love to make some vinyl copies, and I have some incredible people lined up to shoot a music video, if we happen to be rolling in the green. Think bills, not meadows. But meadows are fun, too.Every dollar helps! And so does spreading the word. Whether you feel you can contribute financially or not, please share this with, basically EVERYONE YOU KNOW. Hopefully, they'll do the same and our amazing cyber-family can all break out into a chorus of Come Together, kumbaya-style! Hmmm…pocketing idea for next project...What you'll hear on the EP is a fuller version of my songwriting style, which is folk with bluesy overtones. You can call it: Blolk. Or Fluesy music, depending on which way you swing.Here's a single from the night, mixed and mastered: a sample of what you'll get if you help my EP come to life! This EP is particularly special to me for two reasons: it was the first time I'd ever performed my own material with a full-fledged band, not to mention the gig happening to be at one of the most iconic venues in Hollywood! Second, the concert fell on the night before the one year anniversary of my mother's death. I'd struggled a lot that year so this was a beautiful turning point for both me and my father. She absolutely adored seeing he and I perform, which we only ever did together in living room jams. That night, he accompanied me on guitar and mandolin, and I know she would have been overflowing with pride and joy. We were her everything, and she was ours.This EP is dedicated to my mother, Rachel Barron (1949-2014) Risks and challenges As with any creative endeavor, there may be delays with coordinating schedules and in finding the right PR manager (if funds allow), but aside from funding, everything is in place to create this EP. I'll keep you posted with my progress along the way and see to it that everything comes together as smoothly and swiftly as possible. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter