With your help today, we can make summer 2015 a little more comfortable.Easy Breeze is a smart ventilation system that only takes a few seconds to install, and can be left in all summer. The first of its kind, it senses when your car gets too hot and automatically turns on a powerful fan to suck all of that sticky, hot air out of your parked car through a small crack in a window.Easy Breeze is the first ever smart vent of its kind. You don’t even have to remember to turn it on when you park! Easy Breeze comes with a USB battery pack that provides enough juice to cool your car for an entire week on a single charge. The battery can be used to charge your phone and even has a built-in super bright LED flashlight for roadside emergencies! Breathe EasyGetting into a car on a hot summer day can be extremely uncomfortable, but did you know that it’s also unhealthy? The hot sun causes cancer-causing volatile organic compounds (known as VOC’s) to leech from your car’s interior into the air. In one recent study*, researchers found that the levels of VOC’s in a car left in the hot sun can be up 26 times the levels during regular driving! Easy Breeze drastically reduces levels of VOC’s by constantly sucking them out of your parked car and replacing them with clean, fresh outdoor air.*Fedoruk, Marion J., and Brent D. Kerger. “Measurement of volatile organic compounds inside automobiles†.” Journal of Exposure Science and Environmental Epidemiology 13.1 (2003): 31-41. Modern PowerEasy Breeze utilizes a high-capacity USB battery pack that has its own built-in super bright LED flashlight. This means that not only can the battery provide up to a week of cooling for your car, it can be used to charge any USB-compatible device (e.g. smartphones tablets, etc.) and to provide vital lighting in case of an emergency on the road. It also charges using the provided micro-USB chord, so you can charge it using your existing USB chargers while you drive or back at home. Compact, ElegantEasy Breeze’s aerodynamic design is the result of several design iterations. It uses specially designed contours to pull air from the hottest part of the car (the roof) out of a small crack in a window efficiently, all within a small, discrete package. Peace of Mind Easy Breeze’s heavy-duty weather stripping lets you can keep your parked car cool without having to worry about bad weather. Not only is climbing into a cool car more comfortable, you’ll also be less likely to turn on the A/C, saving you money on gas and helping to reduce carbon emissions. Current Status: You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Production Plan: February: Make a few finishing touches on the design, place tooling orders, place PCB orders, order components March: Tooling build-out and procurement of raw materials, receive components April: Recieve PCBs, begin pre-production builds, pilot production, QC checks May: Begin manufacturing injection molded and rubber extruded parts May/June: Begin assembly and fulfillment Risks and challenges We've spent the past 10 months working with several world-class manufacturers to make sure everything goes smoothly, but here are some inherent risks with this type of project: MANUFACTURING: Creating a new injection mold for parts like these is never easy, and it can take some trial and error to get it right, so its possible for delays to crop up here. To minimize the possibility for delays, we've chosen a US-based injection molding company with an outstanding track record for promptness. PRODUCT ADJUSTMENTS: In my experience, there is always room for improvement, even on the most meticulously planned designs. In order to create the best possible product, we are planning a pre-production run to work out any kinks in the manufacturing and assembly processes. FULFILLMENT: There are many variables with projects like this that can cause delays. A deadline might be missed, a shipment might be lost, etc. These things may cause delays, so we have selected more than one supplier for each component and more than one injection molding and assembly house to make sure we hit our deadline. Its been almost a year now of hammering out the details, but there may be a few more bumps in the road ahead. At every step, you will be notified if anything changes, and we will do everything possible to ensure you end up with a comfortable car as the weather heats up June 2015! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter