What is Droplet? Droplet is a wireless button that can be attached to anything that needs a reminder. Whether it’s a reminder to take your medication, feed the fish, floss at night, or take out the trash, simply attach Droplet to an object and tap it when you complete the task. Droplet will record it through the dedicated app so you can keep track of your activities and goals. Droplet can be set to only remind you if you have forgotten the task and won’t bombard you with unnecessary notifications and reminders. Check out Droplet in action The many uses of DropletHere are just a few examples of how you can use Droplet:Medications/Vitamins: Put Droplet on a pill bottle, vitamins, or inhaler.Healthy living: Use it to stay on top of your exercise habits by placing it near a yoga mat, dumbbells, or your running shoes. Daily tracking: Place Droplet on the coffee tin to keep track of how many cups you are having a day. Kids chores: Put Droplet on the vacuum cleaner, dishwashing liquid, laundry basket, or pet food.Household activities: Place Droplet on the trash cans, watering can, bills, or next to the kitchen pantry.Work routines: Track the number of times you get called by a client, the number of hours you spend on each activity, or what time you leave the office.Family errands: Track how often the bed sheets are changed or when the water filter needs changing.Nighttime routines: Droplet can help you better remember to floss or put on your eye cream. Why use Droplet? Have you ever set reminders on your smartphone only to swipe to ignore or press snooze -- and then completely forget to do the activity? By having a physical button you need to tap means you’ll be by the object to dismiss the reminder. The Droplet app also allows you to track and view how you’re doing. You’ll be able to explore daily and monthly trends and share progress with others to help you form good habits. How it works Set up reminders. Decide how and when you want to be reminded. Only want to be reminded if you forget twice in a row? No problem! Our app makes customizing Droplet easy.Track your progress. Your progress score lets you know how you are doing. You can set target goals to improve your performance.Smart hub. The Droplet hub means Droplet is always working. Multiple buttons can connect to one hub.Share with friends and family. Configure Droplet to alert the right person if a shared chore is forgotten or to notify a friend to help you stay on track with your goals. You can also use it to help a family member track their medication or to send you reminders when they need refills.Flexible platform. Since each button is a physical connection to the internet, the possibilities are endless. We are excited to see all the ways our backers plan to use it. Trigger an online action Droplet can also be used to initiate online actions like sending texts or ordering products online. Put a Droplet in the closet next to where you stock the toilet paper and tap it when you’ve grabbed the last roll. The possibilities are endless. The Droplet app The Droplet App (available on iOS and Android) allows you to customize Droplet to your needs. Use the app to configure new Droplets and set email, text, push notification, and phone call reminders. A quick glance at the home screen shows your progress, while upcoming tasks and graphs of your data help you understand your behavior so you can reach your goals. ShareShare Droplet notifications with friends and family to let them help you stay on top of your tasks. You can also put Droplet in your parents’ or grandparents' home. Droplets send data to the Smart Hub so no smartphone is required. Simply configure the Droplet and set the reminders in your app. You'll be notified if they miss an important medication. Have chores to share? Droplet can help keep you and your roommates on task. Droplet will remind all of you when someone has forgotten to take out the trash so things don’t get missed. Don't be THAT GUY. Why is Droplet different? No Nagging. Droplet lets you decide how you want to be reminded. Droplet reminds you if you forget, but doesn't nag you if you are on task. It's better than an alarm clock or regular reminder app. Hard to Forget. How many times do we snooze calendar reminders only to forget to do the task moments later? You have to be next to Droplet to tap the button so you can’t ignore the reminder. Easy Setup. Setup is a breeze using a smartphone or tablet. A single hub can manage all the droplets within range. After that, you don't need a smart device to use Droplet since reminders can be emails or phone calls.Access from anywhere. Access your settings and tracking data from any computer or smart device. Your information is stored securely on our cloud servers. No Charging. Droplet lasts more than a year and is easy to replace. Our inspiration Almost two years ago, we saw that we, as well as our friends and family members, often missed taking vitamins or daily prescription medications. Inspired by this universal problem, we set out to create a device that would actually work as a reminder and could help people be the best versions of themselves. Along the way, we heard from people like you that Droplet could be used for way more than just medication reminders. The psychology of habits Start Simple. Whether it's flossing or a new exercise routine, start small. If you're trying to do 50 push-ups a day, start with 5 push-ups a day, then 10, and so forth. By starting small and building early "wins," you'll stay motivated. Stay Consistent. While it's okay to occasionally miss a day, it’s when we miss twice or more that the routine breaks down. With Droplet you can receive the right alert when you have missed too many times. Use the buddy system. Having a buddy holds us accountable. Have the Droplet app send your buddy an alert when you've missed two days in a row.Selected References: 1,2 Rewards Meet the team Our team has more than 30 years of combined experience in the consumer tech and health tech spaces. We’ve been working on Droplet for the past year and have gone through dozens of prototypes to get to the final design. We need your support to fund FCC certification, tooling, and manufacturing setup costs. Our team of engineers and designers are excited to bring Droplet to the world. We hope you join Team Droplet and back us now on Kickstarter! Technical details Risks and challenges Hardware is called "hard" for a reason! But our team has decades of experience building and shipping hardware products ranging from consumer products to medical devices. We've faced everything from grueling FDA requirements to the challenges of mass production. We know what it takes to make the right product. That said, we're doing everything we can to reduce product development risk. We're already beta testing the hardware and our smartphone apps and cloud services are nearing completion. Last, we've partnered with manufacturing providers with proven track records. We're ready to make Droplet a reality. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter