THANK YOU ALL FOR YOUR SUPPORT!It is still possible to reach the stretch goals through the external website using the link below :D PayPal pre-orders will keep the Kickstarter price for at least the next two months! If you desire any of the add-ons below, simply click on Manage your Pledge and increase your pledge amount accordingly. We will then send you a survey asking how you wish to spend your total pledge amount. Extra episode (any of them) - $7 Extra season pass - $20 Digital Original Sound Track - $10 T-Shirt - $30 for shipping in Canada +$10 for U.S. or $20 elsewhere Boxed copy - 50$ for shipping in Canada, +$15, or $20 elsewhere. Backer-exclusive custom snowmobile - $10 October, 1970. Another long and cold winter is beginning in Northern Quebec, Canada. The local Cree community clash with rich industrialist W. Hamilton, copper mine magnate in the region. The Crees accuse the latter of destroying sacred lands for the sole purpose of increased profits. Suspiciously, Hamilton’s summer residence and hunting manor is subject of vandalism and thefts. Convinced that the Cree are responsible, Hamilton calls Carl Faubert, a war veteran turned private detective, to handle the affair.Carl never refuses an easy case, especially when the client has such deep pockets. He jumps in his faithful pick-up truck and heads up north to meet with Hamilton. Unable to find his client at the meeting point, Carl starts to search for him. After knocking on some doors, the detective finds not only the rich man is missing... but the whole area is deserted.Where is the local population? What happened to Hamilton? Are the Cree involved? Welcome to Kôna, an episodic game about investigation, exploration, survival and the mysteries surrounding the disappearance of W. Hamilton and the neighboring inhabitants. Kôna combines the atmosphere and immersion of a modern survival title with the deep storytelling and puzzle-solving aspects of a traditional adventure game.ObjectiveThe main objective of the game is to solve the mystery surrounding the disappearances. You can expect to do the following: Explore vast, open environments Solve various puzzles Try to locate people who could help solve the mystery Search for clues (artifacts, notes) related to the investigation Take pictures of evidence and group the meaningful ones together to replay scenes of the past Survive As you may have seen already, you actually get to drive Carl's Pickup Truck and, later on, a snowmobile. Unlike similar games in the genre, you have full control of the vehicles. ChallengesKôna is a game built for people with brains. There are no such things as waypoints or mandatory tutorials. You have to figure out how to progress in the game yourself, using the tools available to you. You also have to worry about your survival in those hostile northern lands. You might need to use a weapon against unexpected threats. You could also get trapped in a bitter blizzard. If you are losing blood or freezing outside, your time is limited. You must heal your wounds or find warmth before it's too late. EncountersIn Kôna, you will encounter at least one Wendigo and it looks like this: While the Wendigo looks creepy, we have to make it clear that we are not going to use it to create useless jump scares during the experience. This half-beast is in Kôna for a reason that fits with the story. We cannot tell you exactly why it's in there because we want to keep this page spoiler-free. Here are some non-story-related facts about the creature: It has a heart made of ice. Any heat source will keep it away or destroy it. The creature influences the weather. It creates strong blizzard and harsh weather conditions hundreds of meters around it. So the closer you get, the more intense the weather will be. The Wendigo area of effect also makes other animals, like wolves, more "agressive". Go back in time through photographiesTaking pictures of several evidence will allow you to replay scenes of the past. Once you have enough pictures of a specific scenario, Carl will imagine how it all happened. The game will send you back in time and will allow you to play the scene and try to figure out what happened. Similar to games like Dear Esther and Stanley Parable, a narrator constantly adds depth to the game. The pieces of story that are revealed to you vary dynamically according to your in-game whereabouts and actions. Narrator PerspectiveKôna's story is told through an omniscient third-person narrator. Imagine playing the main character of a captivating campfire tale. That’s what this game is all about. The StorytellerFor the French version of the game, the story is told by François Devost - an experienced storyteller who employs a style authentic for the character and time. For non French speakers, we believe that the game will be well worth playing at least once in its original language - with English subtitles - to truly appreciate the unique, authentic atmosphere of this rich historical mystery.Don’t worry non French speakers – the game will also come with a professionally translated and recorded English voice track. In that regard, feel free to contact us if you are an English voice actor or if you would like to someone - it would be really helpful!The Story The story is written by an talented writer, David Bélanger. David is a PhD student in literature at the Université du Québec à Montréal. He published his first book at the beginning of 2014 as well as several scientific publications over the course of his studies. His skills to play with words and to craft thrilling tales is crucial to Kôna's narrative. While we quickly translated some of his writings ourselves for the campaign, the final script will be translated by professionals. You can expect the final English version of the story to be equally as good as the French one! The ScreenshotsTake a look at our ever-growing Google+ Screenshot Gallery! The Format As mentioned earlier, the game will be divided into four episodes. All these should take approximately the same time to complete as other popular episodic games (The Walking Dead, Kentucky Route Zero), which means between one or two hours on average, depending on the amount of time you take to explore the awe-inspiring environments.The Camera EffectsTo realise the Kôna world, we use several techniques such as image cross-processing, desaturation, high contrast, on-screen noise, strong bloom and vignetting to give the game its 40-years-old-vintage look. VRThe game fully supports the Oculus Rift and playing it with VR goodness is awesome, specially with these...Realistic 3D ModelsThe game features highly-detailed 1970 objects in order to increase the realism and credibility of the game environment. Here are two 3D models Sketchfab turnarounds made by Etienne, the master of 3D art: Kona's Polaroid by parabole on Sketchfab Kona's Ski-doo by parabole on Sketchfab The MusicWe've reached out to and convinced Curé Label, a folk-rock band from Quebec, to help us give the game a soundtrack that fits the period. Wondering how that sounds? Turn up the volume and play these samples. Combined with the savings we have in the company bank account, the $40,000 base goal is enough money for us to finalize our current design of the first episode. Needless to say, the more we get, the higher the quality of the game will be.Stretch GoalsWe plan to add stretch goals later, but we want to focus on getting to the base goal for now. When the campaign will get close to it, we'll work with the community to add meaningful stretch goals for our backers. Budget Breakdown $26,000 is the bare minimum that the three developers, the musicians, the narrator and the writer agreed to receive in order to create the first episode. We’re doing it for the love, not the money! ~$10,000 for outsourcing (the English translation, some necessary sound design and animations) ~$4,000 in administrative fees (Kickstarter and the bank) Even though our share of the money will barely pay for food and rent, we are passionate and committed to working for these minimum wages in order to realise our dream of seeing the project successfully funded and completed. Alexandre Fiset (Producer, LinkedIn) has more than six years of experience in interactive media development, including four at Beenox, an Activision-owned studio. He also presided his local IGDA chapter for three years and gave many speeches in Quebec-based schools. With more than six credited retail 3D games, two as an Associate Producer, Alex has the expertise to drive the team to success. He also helps with the code, user interface and level design for the game.Etienne Lemieux (Artist) has more than five years of experience in interactive media development, including two years at Beenox. He creates shaders and multiple art assets for the game.Maxime Charbonneau (Programmer) finished his robotics engineering degree in 2012 and joined the two others to found Parabole. His programming skills and his knowledge in vehicle physics are essential to the game's development. UsSince we started the company, we've successfully convinced many businesses that we have the talent and expertise to create top quality interactive content.Now, we don't want our next client to just be some business. We want our next client to be you. We want to use our expertise to create unique games for everyone. The problem is, even with some contracts coming in, we don’t have enough money to bring the project to quality and scale it deserves. The bottom line is, if you like what you see on this page and want to see this project in your game library, you can make it happen either by pre-ordering the game here or by sharing our project with gamers around you. In return, we promise to deliver one of the most unique first-person adventure games you’ve ever played! Risks and challenges The current base goal represents the money we need in order to create one episode of Kôna. Once shipped, we must sell some copies in order to continue making the other episodes. There are multiple options to limit and practically avoid the risk. The first one is to raise more than the base goal. The second is to apply to the Canadian Media Fund to fund the other episodes, which we will do this October, when the applications open. The last one is to look for a publishing deal to create the remaining episodes. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter