According to Dr. Fritz Grupe, Founder of MyMajors.com, 80% of college-bound students have yet to choose a major. The problem with this is that students are expected to choose a school, apply for the chosen school, and start their respective degree programs, all without knowing what they are interested in pursuing for a long-term career. Sounds all too familiar, right?I remember going to college thinking I was destined to be a dancer. Before that, I was set on becoming a pathologist; and before that, a lawyer. My career goals and aspirations were all over the place. Once I entered college, I began taking core courses and before I knew it, it was time to declare a major. WHAT? Crazy, right? There I was with no earthly idea of what I wanted to pursue as a career, and yet I was forced to make a decision. I was extremely confused, but there was no time for uncertainty. Time and money were being wasted. I remember thinking to myself “it’s do or die time, NOW!” This is the problem faced by 80% of students entering college. Quite frankly, by the time one enters college, they should already have an idea of the career field they want to pursue. In fact, this should have been a factor in determining the college in which they applied. Don’t get me wrong, high school guidance counselors are great at what they do, but like many students today, I had no clue idea of the many career opportunities and career fields offered. Fortunately enough, this has impacted my life greatly, hence the creation of “What’s Next.” What’s Next is a publication geared towards upper adolescent students (8th-12th grade), purposed to introduce them to the wide variety of careers available. Each month we will highlight one occupation within the following areas: medical, science, business, government/legal, technology, and the arts. We want to introduce students to career fields that they may otherwise have never heard of; not only preparing them for college success, but also saving their parents money! No need in paying for years of uncertainty and switching majors. We are here to educate your children and give them to the tools and knowledge needed to prepare for their future. So do yourself and your wallet a favor and ask your kids, “What’s Next?”The first issue of What's Next is scheduled to be shipped out in August of 2016. Below you will see a preview of the first cover as well as a preview article. (Keep in mind that each magazine will have 6 articles. This is just a preview of one) August 2016 Cover What’s Next is being created by many great and educated individuals to ensure that you receive the best quality product. While we are not ready to reveal every detail of the project, (Of course we want to keep you guessing) check out our credentials. We are sure you will be impressed. Follow us on our social media pages:Instagram & Twitter: WhatsNextMagazine Thank you for checking out our Kickstarter project and supporting What's Next. We are passionate about making a difference in the upcoming generation, and with your help our dreams are becoming a reality. -The Johnsons Risks and challenges 1. Manufacturing: Being that this is our first large scale production run, it would be naive not to think about the possibility of something going wrong. There are a number of things in the packaging, manufacturing and distribution phases that could slow us down. However, we are working with very experienced manufacturers that walk us through every step and handle all issues in a timely manner. 2. Volume: This Kickstarter might exceed our wildest expectations. If we hit a huge volume we may have to seek out more options for printing and shipping. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter