Rewards Preview Every once and a while, you read something which has the extraordinary ability to put to words what you had long felt in your heart. That is exactly what happened to us a few years ago when we came across this quote from Naturalist John Muir:"Thousands of tired, nerve-shaken, over-civilized people are beginning to find out, that going to the mountains is going home; that wildness is a necessity."After a few years of traveling to all the Wild Spaces we could manage within our vacation time, we realized how we had benefited from our travels, and our association with wilderness. Something very special happens when people spend time connecting with and experiencing the natural wonders which surround them. And studies and survey's continue to confirm what we experienced for ourselves, that people who regularly take breaks from the busy, often chaotic modern world and spend time in Wild Spaces, are healthier, happier, and more productive.It's was the realization of how our lives had become richer through our time in Wild Spaces that gave birth to the At Home in Wild Spaces Project. We have labored for the last couple of years to provide the Wild Spaces videos and tools we wish we had had a few years ago. Central to our efforts are the top quality videos of both famous and lesser known wild locations which we post every couple of weeks. We want the viewer to feel as close as they can to the locations and activities portrayed in our videos. It's the best way to discover what awaits you on your Wild Spaces Adventure, and it's a great place to get crucial information regarding the locations you want to visit.We are also dedicated to perpetuating safe and sustainable outdoor practices, and are stalwart advocates of Leave No Trace. These wonderful places are precious to us, and we want them to be preserved. But that will only happen when people begin to cherish these places. Please help us make these locations more accessible to everyone.Viewing our videos is completely free. They are viewable on both our YouTube and Facebook pages, as well as on www.athomeinwildspaces.com where you'll find even more to help prepare for your own Wild Spaces travels. And there's much, much more to come.We want to make the move to 4K video and thus most effectively share the visual beauty of the world's wildest and most stunning landscapes with greater fidelity, than what has been done before. To do this we need the funds to purchase quality 4K equipment, Permits and Software Licenses, in addition to our existing expenses for Music Licenses, time and travel. We also want to share locations which have thus far remained beyond our reach, due to the fact that our Wild Spaces web content is free, making it difficult to fund even our bare bones production costs. We are working on implementing an infrastructure that will perpetually fund our efforts to share the worlds Wild Spaces. This includes our original At Home in Wild Spaces merchandise, much of which will be given out as rewards to those who help us fund our project. Basic Rewards Canvas Prints and Limited Rewards The more money we raise from this Kickstarter campaign the closer we'll be able to bring our viewers to the worlds most beautiful places, and the better we'll be able to sustain the At Home in Wild Spaces Project. $9500.00 will allow us to make the move to 4K and improve our infrastructure. Anything beyond that will greatly free us from current logistical boundaries and allow us to produce the best Outdoor travel resources found anywhere.We humbly ask for your help in achieving this goal. Please contribute what ever you can, and we'll repay that kindness with more stunning videos and outdoor resources for free. Risks and challenges We have worked very hard to eliminate risks. Everything shown in our campaign video is ready to go, and lacks only funding. We have enough resources and footage to continue video production on at least 7 videos through the end of the year, and our merchandise is ready for large scale production and sale. Potential risks include the wearing out of our current assets, computers, cameras, etc... But with the funds listed above we will be able to mitigate these concerns. That leaves merchandise production and shipping. We have done our homework and have selected a top quality production house to print and manufacture our merchandise, and barring the minimal, unavoidable risk of production/shipping delays and setbacks, we are ready to go. All we need are the funds to do so. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter