We are building app experiences that will evolve sports and fitness.Listen to a podcast from Founder & CEO, Guy Pistone, explaining these app experiences. Click Here to listen. 1. An event is created automatically The service automatically creates events in communities, where we have a critical mass amount of users. We have a formula that accounts for all of the factors needed to carry out a successful event.Now, Fitivity has over a million users across the US and the world (see our explanation of why Fitivity will succeed further below). We have reached critical mass in all major cities, where we can create pick-up games at any time. 2. Event location and time are setExample - setting up a pickup basketball game. The system: Selects a local public basketball court Assigns a common playing time during spring/summer months 3. Users in the area get notified The technology will notify nearby users of the event, allowing them to reserve spots. 4. Event is confirmed the day before 24 hours before the event, users will get notified that the event is either ON or CANCELED. >> Click Here for a video walkthrough of the app user experience.Additional features: All the other apps FAILED due to lack of users Click to read Stewart McCoy's blog Fitivity is the ONLY onethat built a 1 million+ user base before entering the game. We did so by creating 400+ apps for sport and fitness activities for the past 4 years (wondering how we did that? Take a look at the next section: What it Takes). Most popular apps include Basketball Training, Soccer Training, Football, etc. Our number of users (source: Google Analytics) that has 10,000+ downloads per day Our downloads per day (Source: App Annie) If you read the last section talking about why we'll succeed, you'll notice we mentioned that there are over 400 apps under the Fitivity brand right now. You're probably thinking: but if you have over 400 apps, why do you need so many resources to build another app? Good question. Those 400 apps are all one experience replicated across many different activities, while the pickup sports app is a completely new experience. Right now, we only have social workout apps. We wrote one script of code, which references the workout programs we have put together for each separate app. It's as if we only built one app, except instead of keeping all of the workout programs consolidated, we released each one as its own app. The pickup sports app is a completely new experience that we're building from the ground-up. Additionally, it's more involved and complex than the social workout apps because it's a vehicle for creating local events. In order to design, build, test, refine, and upgrade the app, it takes a lot of resources separate from what we have so far. In short, we are creating experiences. Our existing experience (social workout apps) allowed us to get a large user base. The new experiences we're building (pickup sports) will utilize this user base, but is a completely new project to tackle.Use of Funds:$ 15,000 development costs for Pickup Sports App$ 15,000 development costs for Virtual Coaching App (exp$ 6,000 testing and implementation$ 4,000 marketing and buffer costs In addition to building an app experience for pickup sports, we're also building a sister app for Virtual Coaching. Pickup sports are all about meeting up with people in person; Virtual Coaching is all about having the convenience of a personal trainer without the burden of meeting up in person. Both experiences offer something else. While we're focusing primarily on the pickup sports app, building a Virtual Coaching app in tandem will provide a wholesome solution to the problem: reaching your fitness and sports goals is hindered by the structure of the industry. Your contribution will allow us to build both of these experiences. Overview: Get guidance from a coach and accomplish any sports and fitness goal via the Fitivity Virtual Coaching app. In the Virtual Coaching apps, you can choose to train in a group led by a coach or upgrade to 1-on-1 experience with the coach. Meet the CEO: Current Product: We are one of the largest sports and fitness mobile training brands. Our apps get a combined 10,000 downloads EVERY SINGLE DAY! Every month, over 500,000 different people open a Fitivity app. Since we first started building apps three years ago, we have facilitated over 20 million workouts worldwide and have helped hundreds of thousands of people successfully reach their full fitness or athletic potential! Behind the Scenes: We work with the mindset that nothing is impossible and that challenges are fun to go after. Adding a personal touch is important to us because we realize that each one of our users has specific needs. Here are a few behind-the-scenes shots of the team for your enjoyment! Risks and challenges 1) There is the risk that the apps will be adopted slower than we predicted and it will take longer to achieve critical mass. However, with the amount of users we currently have and the demand for the apps, it is unlikely this will be a problem. Reaching out to our extensive user base will mitigate this risk. 2) Given the dynamics of a technology company, we may not hit our estimated deadline. To address this, we will make sure we can launch a limited feature release version by all deadlines, even if we have to sacrifice some features. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter