Interested in Learning about Wine? - This is the Best Place to Start!Wine - mind-boggling to some, downright confusing to others.Old world, New world, Vintages & Varietals - even the jargon can send you round the twist. And the wine labels hardly help... Sancerre Wine Label Without any additional knowledge of wine (or French, for that matter), it's impossible to tell what grape this wine is or what to expect from it.Planet Vino is here to help.Started recently as a wine blog, Planet Vino's goals are simple; to break wine down to its simplest components, and make it accessible to anyone!The CourseWine, like anything else, can be broken down into stages, making it easy to understand and far less intimidating.Split into three main sections (with a fourth for your most common questions at the end):Wine Fundamentals - The course starts with the fundamental underpinnings of how wine is made, the factors that influence price, quality & flavour, and some key terms that come up time and again when discussing wine.The World Tour of Wine - An overview of each of the 11 biggest wine producing countries & the wines they make. We'll also look at the rules that govern wine making in Europe and why that makes wine so confusing.Wine in Daily Life - Bringing the first two sections together in a practical way, this section prepares you to be able to make choices for your wine purchases based on more than just how the label looks or what you always drink. We'll look at the fundamentals of food & wine pairing, how to store & serve wine, and whether different glasses really mean anything. Course Curriculum After each lesson, there are short quizzes to ensure the lesson has sunk in, with more comprehensive quizzes at the end of each section and the conclusion of the course. Sample Quiz Why Study Online?For many, wine isn't an academic pursuit.After all, it's a drink to be enjoyed.That being said, we encounter wine on a regular basis and are expected to make decisions - choosing a bottle to accompany your dinner, buying a gift for a friend or selecting wine for a party.While a great deal of wine comes down to tasting and finding your own personal preferences, having an understanding of the basics can help you to discover new wines, find exciting pairings for your favourite foods, or simply get more enjoyment out of the wines you already drink.Naturally, there are classes and professional qualifications you can pursue (trust me, I've taken them) and they are a great source of knowledge. Course Homepage However, if you want to learn at your own pace, with some friends in the comfort of your home or just feel that formal classes are too serious (or pretentious) for you, an online course makes for a great alternative.Add in the fact that the course is delivered by a real tutor that can answer your individual questions as you work through the course, and Planet Vino gives you a personal tour of the world of wine, at your own pace.With plans to build out the online wine school to cover a wide variety of courses, including: Sparkling Wine Sweet & Fortified Wines Japanese Sake The Secrets of Wine Tasting Wine & Food Pairing Masterclass Palate Training Masterclass Country Specific Courses (e.g. France, Italy, USA) Region Specific Courses (e.g. Champagne, Tuscany, Napa Valley) and Many More... Planet Vino is the ideal place to begin your wine education.Who is Planet-Vino for?Anyone with an interest in wine.The course assumes no prior knowledge of wine so would equally be a great starting point for a complete beginner or someone looking to refresh and consolidate their wine knowledge in a structured, non-stuffy way.Designed to be a fun but comprehensive introduction to wine, Planet Vino will build step-by-step until you're able to get the most out of your wine and are filled with fun facts to tell your friends. Why I Need Your Help While I have knowledge and experience in both course creation and wine education, my skill set is obviously not limitless - I know, it must be a shock! In order to deliver an effective online course, it's about more than just good information. A course that makes a complex topic like wine make sense needs to have clear visuals to compliment the explanations.While I wouldn't necessarily call myself completely devoid of graphic design skill (hey, I managed to make the video myself after all), I would hardly call it my forte.As such, one of the biggest reasons for this campaign is so that I can create (or rather, get someone to create) a series of images to illustrate key aspects of wine visually.This will include illustrations, images, infographics & potentially even animations - whatever it takes to demystify wine for you. To do this alone would not only push my limited design skills past breaking point, but also the sheer time commitment to ensure they're all done and delivered would make this course a herculean undertaking.This is time that I could be putting to better use in areas such as course creation, research, recording, script writing or production - just some of the other facets necessary to create an engaging course.RewardsNaturally, no good deed goes unrewarded - and so here they are.As thanks for your gracious pledge and support, I have included rewards at each and every level, to ensure that our key goal - making wine accessible for all - holds true in our Kickstarter campaign, as well.Wine Supporter Level (£3)Alongside our eternal gratitude, we'll ensure your name goes into the canon of history through the everlasting course credits.As an added bonus, we've put together a simplified PDF of the 'secrets of wine tasting'. This'll give you tricks & tips to get more out of every glass of wine, help you identify common flavour profiles and understand the basics of wine structure, balance, & flavour. 'Secrets' of Wine Tasting PDF Wine Fan Level (£10)In addition to everything at the Wine Supporter Level, you'll also receive High Resolution PDFs of our mini series of wine grape profiles. These are for the 7 most common grape varieties in the world (known as the 'noble' varieties); Chardonnay, Sauvignon Blanc, Riesling, Pinot Noir, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, & Syrah.The profiles will delve deep into what you can expect from the grape, the regions it can be found, the different forms it takes (depending on climate & oak usage), & good food pairings. Mock Wine Profile Wine Lover Level (£20/£35)Everything from the Wine Fan Level +:Expanded Wine Profile Set covering the 18 most common grape varieties in the world; 7 'Noble' Grapes + Grenache, Sangiovese, Nebbiolo, Sémillon, Pinot Grigio, Chenin Blanc, Viognier, Moscato, Tempranillo, Malbec, & Gewürztraminer.Lifetime Access to the 'Beginner's Guide to the World of Wine' Course. Work your way around the world of wine at your own leisure, as you learn about all of the main wines & regions, the way wine is made and how to pair it well with food, plus much, much more. Lifetime Course Access At this level, there are two options. The first is our Early Bird Special which gives the first 100 backers the opportunity to get not only the course at just a fraction of the retail price once the full course goes live (will retail at $99), along with the 18 wine profiles which will be a paid download themselves.For those that miss out on the Early Bird Special, there is a second tier of pricing which is still a significant discount (around 50% off) on the retail price.Wine Collector Level (£49)On top of everything at the Wine Lover Level, the personalised rewards start here. In addition to dealing with more general material throughout the course, get your own personal questions answered (up to 3 different questions) and receive a personalised Thank You video with your answers pre-recorded. Personalised 'Thank You' Video with 3 Questions Answered Wine Master Level (£75)Take personalisation to the maximum with a bespoke 30 minute lesson tailored around a topic/area of your choosing with a Q & A section at the end to have any and all of your wine questions answered live via Skype or Webinar. Bespoke Live Lesson Via Skype/Webinar Wine Obsessive (£150), Wine Pro (£250), Wine Sommelier (£500)Expansions on the Wine Master level, giving you the option to have a completely bespoke course built with 2, 5, or 10 lessons dedicated to a topic or topics of your choosing. Risks and challenges With most of the content already planned out for the course, the risks to this project are minimal. While I will need to find reliable partners/software to be able to create the images, illustrations & animations needed to bring the course to life, the fundamental course content, delivery mechanism and planning has already been done. This should minimise delays and obstacles as we move forward. However, should the worst happen and some unforeseeable event delay the project, the key will be regular updates and communication to ensure all backers know exactly where we are relative to schedule. I've backed a fair few projects myself over the past 3 years and have experienced first hand the joy of being involved in a successful project, along with the frustration of chasing for updates constantly. I will strive to ensure we fit into the former category while bringing this project to life. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter