Twitter Facebook Official Site IndieDB Lightspeed Frontier is an ode, and a parody, of the sci-fi stories, shows, and movies you grew up knowing, and puts you right in the middle of scenes inspired by those sci-fi classics. It will place you in an adventure where you discover missions by observing your surroundings, and investigating through the use of news headlines, billboards, ads, NPCs you encounter, and of course random chance (because what adventure is complete without a little bit of luck!). Inspired by everything from Firefly to Star Trek (You can even find a random encounter in our demo inspired by Star Trek, hint, it has to do with black holes :) ), this unique way of discovering the galaxy around you, guided only by your own perception, lends itself to more immersive gameplay while you run into all kinds of crazy situations.What people are saying"There’s some lovely details here, like the way your ship elongates when warping to another system, or the terrifying black hole that resides in one of the systems, whose gravity starts to pull you in." - Rock Paper Shotgun"Your journey across the galactic frontier will no doubt be a dangerous one, and Lightspeed Frontier's combat looks to be fast and frenetic, as you ram into enemies and unleash lasers and projectiles against a backdrop of asteroids, planets, and nebulae" - IndieGames.com"This is one of the most fun space game demos I've played in a really long time!" - Anton Petrov"In the end, Lightspeed Frontier has a shot at greatness if everything goes according to plan ." Alexandru Dulcianu, Softpedia We wanted to put our best engine forward and let potential backers see what we have come up with so far. This demo focuses on ship building and combat, and is a sandbox in its truest form. You can download the free demo on either IndieDB or itch.io. No rules, no limits, just hop in and start building. Note that this is more meant to build trust with you, the backer, and to get some general feedback, but is not indicative of the final game... We will instead rely on the input of Kickstarter backers and early adopters to make this vision become a reality! Faster than light travel has recently been made available for the common middle-class galaxy dweller, and you’ve just saved up enough money to purchase your first command pod. Extending it is easy, using a drag-and-drop system without any annoying menus or build modes. Simply grab and attach any module you come across - salvage them from destroyed ships, buy brand new ones at ships or even craft them! You can acquire upgrades for your ship in multiple ways: by completing various quests that you find around the frontier, by politely asking other ship owners if you can destroy them and salvage them for parts and resources or mine raw resources yourself and sell them at stations. Quests are one of the most unique features in Lightspeed Frontier, as they aren’t issued through your typical ubiquitous “mission posting”. Players will need to be aware of the various breaking headlines, advertisements, and direct messages from people you have encountered through your travels. This means that if you want to have work, you need to go out and find it! This makes exploration a key part of the game, since it also will result in more rewards and quests for you to pick up! As I mentioned previously, battling other ships is a key part of the game, and also one of the challenges of traversing the frontier. Players are safe when they are near space stations, but once you venture out into open space, your engine fumes will draw in scavengers like sharks, so be prepared! You will need to utilize a multitude of different weapons, maneuvering techniques, and even physics to destroy your opponents (yes, ramming into other ships is actually a viable way of destroying them or knocking off their modules!). And it goes without saying, the brochure from the command pod salesman did not mention anything about the constant and ceaseless life-threatening encounters you would face in the outer reaches of the universe. Moving along… While exploring the universe, you will encounter memorable NPCs, corporations, scavengers, programmers, asteroid belts, space stations, and more. Every encounter with an NPC will either make you enemies or allies with them, depending on if you choose to help them or stab them in the back. This could result on a bounty being put on your head, or more challenging (but rewarding) work from them in the future. There are also many different ways for you to make your mark in the universe. You can invest in high-tech drilling modules for mining if you want to be a raw materials salesman, or BFGs if you’re more the bounty hunter type. There are even different levels of tractor beams for improved shipping capabilities. Jumping to another star system As you acquire more modules for your ship, your ship class will also increment unlocking more missions and zones in the universe. While you start out as just a tiny fighter-class ship with less than 20 modules, you can eventually reach the pinnacle of modular ship development by acquiring 400 or more individual components for your ship and be upgraded to the final Dreadnaught class! Each class has its own pros and cons, as far as firepower, speed, maneuverability, etc, but slowly acquiring more modules through whatever means necessary will open up more opportunities for you. Were you born with a black lung? Then we've got a profession for you. Mining can play a crucial role in your success if you've got the will, the know-how, and of course a plethora of extremely expensive and dangerous equipment. Scanners, lasers, and just the right amount of thrust can leave you with a cargo bay full of exotic and rare materials. These materials can then be sold, or turned into powerful new modules for you to equip. WIP Asteroid Destruction The modules in Lightspeed Frontier are manufactured by various interstellar corporations and are grouped into several faction sets.Factions Currently we have these three factions in the game with the quantity of their modules rising every update.CorporationsSpace is a massive opportunity for investment and profit which brings interstellar corporations to the frontier's outposts and space stations. These corporations can provide you with shipping contracts, protection work (or even more shady jobs once you earn their trust) or you can just simply invest into their stocks. One of the most powerful interstellar megacorporations which which brought forward the first affordable warp drive. They produce the large majority of standardised spaceship and space station modules and have a large presence in the frontier. With great distances comes great thrist and that's why Kepler Cola is here to provide your daily hidration supplement. The Flex Company produces premium quality girders for all your space station extending needs. With your purchase of a standardised command pod you are automatically signed up for Pergect Deathcare® which makes sure you don't die on a profitable streak. All transactions are done using a widely accepted cryptocurrency established by Wexler Watson Corp. Lightspeed Frontier is being developed by a team of just three dedicated people. Vid (aka MoffKalast), a young Slovenian programmer is the mastermind, lead developer and graphical designer behind Lightspeed Frontier. He developed the first versions of Lightspeed Frontier as a high school project and is now in the process of founding Crowdwork Studios. Philip has been running a small game studio since 2014 and released Falling Stars: War of Empires earlier this year. He is a skilled american programmer, obsessed game designer, and owner of long curly hair. His part is handling testing, QA, PR, advising and publishing the game itself. Daniel has successfully developed two games, System Recovery as well as being lead developer on Falling Stars: War of Empires. Hailing from Hungary, you can find him chasing bugs until sunrise. So, the million dollar question. Or really, the $2,500 question. What do we need $2,500 for? To put it simply, the team already has all of the skills necessary to complete the game, and have been using their own funds for the incidentals. However, we’ve just about reached our limit with the free tools available to us, and are looking to upgrade to professional graphic design and 3D modelling tools. Any additional funds past that will really add more polish to the game, as you can see from the stretch goals. Nolan Markey, the professional composer who created the soundtrack for Falling Stars: War of Empires has expressed interest in working with us again, and should we reach some of the higher stretch goals we intend on bringing on another developer to help us reach them. $3.000 - New Faction: Twinblade RidersThese guys are all about power and speed, building the largest engines and use the fastest ships, equipped with hit and run weaponry. Twinblade Riders WIP Concept $5.000 - Unique Modules, Production OverdriveWe'll put in extra hours to bring even more modules than previously planned. This includes unique ones that you'll be able to find only once per world, as a reward in a special area. These will be much more powerful than regulars and will have special abilities.$8.000 - Extended Modding Support Modding creates a unique experience where dedicated players can add their own flavor to the game, and other players can benefit from it! So we want to create tools and documentation to help everyone from veteran to beginner make Lightspeed Frontier even better.$12.000 - Mobile App Ship BuilderWith this kind of money we can hire a developer who is willing to construct a ship builder app primarily for Android and possibly iOS. The app would synchronise your saved blueprints of ships and enable you to assemble them while on the move. When you return to the main game the ships will be waiting for you there, stored in your account. Risks and challenges Lightspeed Frontier has already been in development for over 16 months, and during that time we have overcome many of the technical hurdles that typically prevent games from being completed. Our team has already developed and released 2 games so far, and during that time gained valuable experience that we will be using to bring the project to completion. Even if we do not reach our funding goal, we will be releasing Lightspeed Frontier in the near future. However, it is our hope that enough of you will support our game that we can build this game together rather than on our own. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter