What is NEEO? NEEO is a smart system that lets you control all your devices from one place and even knows who you are when you pick it up. There are two parts to NEEO, the brain and the remote. The brain communicates with your devices and the remote allows instant control. These two devices are new thinking both in design and technology. To manage your home you can use the NEEO app on your smartphone and for the ultimate experience use the NEEO remote.Our technical team has spent months cataloging and testing tens of thousands of devices, so NEEO quickly detects your devices making setup easy.Smart, right? Now let’s get into more detail. The Brain NEEO brain - solid aluminium & acrylic glass The brain commands all your smart devices and gadgets NEEO has a database of more than 30,000 devices that it can connect to and control NEEO is compatible with all major AV products produced in the last 10 years - See FAQ for full list The brain works with either the NEEO remote or the NEEO app for your phone The RemoteThe NEEO remote is the one place to control all the devices in your home instantly. The NEEO remote has an amazing 291 ppi display - more pixels per inch than Apple’s® iPad® Retina®* standard Today's remotes are packed full of buttons with cryptic functions but NEEO has just the buttons you need for an optimal tactile experience The NEEO remote comes with a unique patent-pending technology which recognizes your hand when you pick it up: sensors in the remote detect your palm to match you with your profile and display your playlists, films, and favorites, instantly Hand recognition also means you can set parental controls or easily create a guest profile The NEEO remote has a rechargeable battery and a low-power hardware design that runs for months on a charge Never lose your NEEO remote - activate the SOS alarm with your smartphone The NEEO App Command the brain and all the devices in your home from one single app No more jumping from one app to another to set the TV, sound system and lights Available for iOS® and Android® phones NEEO App for iOS® and Android® and NEEO Remote Set-up is a BreezeSetting up all your devices is one of the biggest headaches when managing your home. We decided to fix that so it is extremely easy with NEEO. It takes just three steps: 1. Select “devices” in the settings and “add a device” 2. Begin typing the name of your device and NEEO will automatically find it for you 3. Select your device and assign it to a roomCheck out how easy it is: You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Scenarios You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Scenarios, as we call them, enable you to automate cumbersome procedures. They are generated automatically as soon as you add and connect devices within a NEEO system. They can be extended easily from within the mobile app.Without NEEO Grab TV remote Power on TV Switch to AVR remote Power on AVR Change AVR input channel to the DVD’s output Grab DVD remote Power on DVD Player Grab smartphone Search app for lightbulbs Dim lights to „Movie mode" Switch back to DVD remote Press play Grab the AVR remote to adjust volume if needed => 3 remotes, a smartphone app and many button presses neededWith NEEO Grab NEEO remote Tap DVD icon Wait a few seconds and watch the magic happen Press play => 1 NEEO remote Technical DetailsThe NEEO brain has all the smarts to handle older TVs or DVD players to the latest lights, sensors and door locks. It is packed full of cutting edge features never before found in a home automation device including: 4 antennas for Bluetooth 4.0, Bluetooth BLE (low energy), Wi-Fi, 6LowPAN, ZigBee, Thread and Z-Wave protocols 360° infrared coverage TV, Sonos®, Apple® TV, Roku®, and Philips® Hue support Supports cable boxes - including Cablevision®, Verizon®, Time Warner®, and Comcast® Supports satellite systems from Dish® and DirectTV® Supports your own devices in Learning Mode (See FAQ) Stretch Goals Become the architect with the NEEO API – $1 million stretch goal Our backers have spoken about the need for an API and we completely agree: If we exceed $1 million, we will provide you with a well documented API (V1): A public REST API that lets you control devices in your NEEO setup from other systems on your local network. The API features will be nicely documented on the web available to everyone. Custom HTTP commands that let you control any device with an HTTP interface on your local network. These commands can be used in actions, rules or in the UI. Import, export and share them. NEEO’s very own IFTTT channel – $1.2 million stretch goal If we exceed $1.2 million, we will provide our very own NEEO channel on IFTTT. IFTTT makes perfect sense for NEEO: it’s super easy and anyone can use it. Integrate NEEO with tons of web services and home automation products such as WeMo, Wink, Honeywell, NEST, netatmo and others. We're already looking forward to all the insane setups and integrations you come up with! Timeline Design Our in-depth design process enabled us to find the right material, form, haptics & finish to create an amazing product. Too often we find that in-home technology products are made of poor quality material and show little respect for the home aesthetic, or lack the quality and style appropriate to everyday use. NEEO was built from the beginning to be a beautiful addition to any room. Every aspect of NEEO has been chosen with this goal in mind.Design of the Brain The aluminum body provides a lightweight rigid structure for the narrow casing, while acting as a heatsink for the components The top and bottom of the brain are made of a specially manufactured acrylic glass The round shape allows a 360° infrared distribution The nylon braid power cable maintains a clean, elegant look Design of the Remote Etched from a single piece of aluminum, NEEO has a seamless design Gorilla Glass protects NEEOs gorgeous high resolution capacitive touch display The aluminum body also protects the display and provides the rigidity for the ultra narrow bezel design Magnets in the charging dock ensure easy placement and correct position for charging NEEO will be available in pure aluminum, however, just for our Kickstarter backers we have White Rabbit and Black Cat limited editions. ON KICKSTARTER ONLY - BLACK CAT ON KICKSTARTER ONLY - WHITE RABBIT Why Kickstarter? We have been working hard to create the best product possible and we are determined to make NEEO a reality. We have finalised the prototype, and now we need your help to get NEEO into production. We want all of you on Kickstarter to be the first to use NEEO and having you on-board would just give us that last push to have NEEO out to you that much quicker. We can’t wait for you to see and try NEEO. We’re ready for production, we’re just waiting for you. Thank You! Kickstarter Pledge Level Overview Video Credits: Music by Chris Zabrieske Risks and challenges Any hardware company can face challenges when sourcing parts. We have been working closely with our manufacturing partners to select and secure all the parts we need for a first production run of NEEO. Our team has excellent experience creating hardware products, so we can avoid any delays getting NEEO to you. Compatibility with all the devices and standards in the market today is always a challenge. We have invested extensive time, money and effort to solve this problem. We have a dedicated team testing products at repair shops and at electronics stores to ensure the highest level support for the devices in your home. Still there could be older devices that we cannot support. See the FAQ for a list of devices we do support. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter