What is this, and why should I care?In a sense, Dropsy has been in development for a little over three years. The saga started on a message board as a 'Choose Your Own Adventure' game, where posters directed the hand-less, unintelligible, and questionably human hero through various perils and journeys. After the completion of the initial game thread in 2008, I was swamped with inquiries and requests regarding the possibility of a playable Dropsy the Clown game. Now, after a little waiting and a lot of thinking, development will begin.Many of those who enjoyed Dropsy's debut cited a shared nostalgia for old LucasArts adventure games like Monkey Island and Day of the Tentacle. This game will be comparable in a few aspects, but I really want to hone in on the intrinsically satisfying fun that exploration provides. The player will also encounter colorful characters and mind-stretching logic puzzles in surreal, off-kilter landscapes.When will it be finished?I'm shooting for a goal of two years, but there is no real deadline. I'm creating all of the art, designing the audio, and composing the music... so It's going to be a while. It'll be out when it's worthy of release.What will it cost?Free to download and play, hopefully. There is a chance of a $5 dollar price tag depending on how development goes. If I do end up charging, any donation over 5 dollars will be considered a pre-order.What platform(s) will it run on?Currently only Windows, but I'm working on that. Your contribution may help in this area. EDIT: Mac/iOS support is definitely happening now. :)What will you use my money for?The project minimum, $200, will pay only for development software. Anything above that amount will be used for additional (primarily art-related) software, or promotional stuff. I may also hire some programming help if my skills fail me. This will also determine whether or not I charge for the final product.NOTE: All of the graphics from the video are from older incarnations of Dropsy. The game will feature some revamped assets from them, but most of the content will be entirely new.