Pebble Moon- The Story Curious and imaginative 7-year old Lily has a passion for the fantasy stories that one of her two fathers, Arthur, tells her. As we begin to explore Lily's world, we see how these stories influence her. When a mysterious woman arrives from her other father, Charlie's, past, Lily looks to her favourite story, Pebble Moon, to understand what true family means. "Once upon a time, before the moon was ever invented, there was a fisherman named Edmund, who lived in a small town by the sea. At night, there were no stars to wish upon and nobody had the moon to watch them dream. Because there was nothing to look up to, many people lived in the darkness without hope. Every day, the night seemed to grow longer... and the darkness slowly deeper. One dark and dismal night, Edmund set out to change all this. He was going to make the sky glow..." The Crew This Fantasy Drama film is a final year dissertation project from six Cinema & Photography students from the University of Leeds. The crew consists of: Writer and Director - Lian Furness. Writer and Producer - Ellen Crane Executive Producer - Joshua J White Director of Photography - Taylor Fawcett First Assistant Director - Josh Edgington Editor - Henry Hayhurst-France The crew have worked together before, and have many years of experience between them in the area of video production, having worked for multiple clients across Europe and Asia. You can follow the film and crews progress on any of their social media outlets (below). https://www.facebook.com/pebblemoonshortfilm https://twitter.com/PebbleMoonFilm How you will help us The film has now been in pre-production for 3 months... We have cast our actors and secured our locations... And now it is time to fulfil our budget! We need your help and donations to make the project we have been working on for so long a reality! We have been lucky enough to have equipment provided to us from SilverCut Productions, however, there are still many expenses to cover. Your money will help us to create and buy props, costume, and set design, as well as pay the traveling and accommodation expenses of our actors. Your money will also help us secure the beautiful locations we have chosen. We have all been working towards this final year university project for 3 years now and are incredibly excited to be working towards such an exciting premise! So for any help you can give us, we are truly grateful! Risks and challenges We are thankfully now at a stage that many of the risks associated with a project like this have already been sorted out! However, there are inevitably always risks with a film. Our main challenge within this project is working with a young actress. Working with a young performer can sometimes create different challenges and time constraints than working with an adult. We are lucky enough to have a production team who will work solidly and intricately to devise a schedule that works and utilises the time we have, to complete the project! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter