German is my native language so I apologize if my english sounds terrible for you. I'll try my best.Everybody knows the usual ratingsystem that you can find on countless sites. But not every tv series, movie, game etc. with a high rating is a "Top Title" for someone! This ratingsystem gives you just a average value from the crowd and your only option is to orient yourselves accordingly.But I have a better and precise system that is aimed at any user because it create a profile about you so it can say which taste you have and what you will probably like, because each person have an individual taste! Furthermore many people asks on diverse platforms that aren't specialist in movies, games, tv series, books etc. what they can see or have questions about a title. But if everybody use this website as a port of call, then the community will be very big. And the fact of that is you'll get better and faster advise and much more professional tips! Planned is a english and a german site. FEATURE #1 - Recommend-System FEATURE #2 - TOP 10 Lists Click for High Resolution At each title you can see how much it will fits to your taste. (Yellow Box) Another feature are the personal TOP 10 lists! (A nice feature to show your friends/family and other peoples your favorite titles) You can create a TOP 10 list for each single genre and subgenre and for every category too! (Movie, TV Series, TV Shows, Games, Anime, Books, Documentaries and even Manga) You can see how high someone rated the title at the corner of the cover. The created TOP 10 lists will be compared with all users that created TOP 10 lists for every category and if someone match your profile and have 7 or 8 same titles in his TOP 10 list as you so the probability is high that the other 2-3 titles he like could fits to you because your taste is largely similar!The whole system can only work very precise if the website has a big community because if many people make lists so the system can compare more profiles. The more information that will be collect the better will it work! :)You can make TOP 100 lists if you want but if someone with the lowest rank look at your top lists he will only be able to see the first TOP 10 titles.Ranking systemA ranking system is also planned. The higher is your rank the more titles you will be able to see from your friends and other users. (TOP 20, TOP 30, etc.) Important: Every user will be able to watch all TOP 10 lists from each user it isn't important what rank you are! This serves that the users will be active involve which brings many advantage. active users = adverse for the website (spread the word) = new users = more TOP 10 lists = more users to compare = precise reommendation!To rank up you need collect points, you can get these if you create TOP 10 lists, comment under titles, be active in the forum and on a daily survey. The survey exists to collect more informations about you. This make the sytem much more perfect and precise! The survey is optional you don't have to make this if you don't want to! ;)FEATURE #3 - "The Taste-Box?!" (I don't know how to call it)If you click on someones username you will see a box at his profile page. At the box you will see how much your taste fits with him for each category! So you will easily see if your tastes are the same or are completly different :) FEATURE #4 - Pesonalized news You can click on EACH title on the right symbol to get only news about that title that you are interessted for! This is very useful if you don't want to read hundreds of news that you are not interessted in. You will only get what you want! :) FEATURE #5 - Watch-ListYou can put every upcoming title to your watch list so you don't "forget" it if it will launch! And of course you can add already released titles too.FEATURE #6 - FORUMHere erverybody will get helped out and you can discuss about a title in the right thread and speak your mind out or even if you don't have understood something in the title as an example. Also there will be theories threads where you can talk with other people about tv series, games and more! User are also able to create threads and search for players that will play with him a game as an example.This website should be THE port of call for everybody that is interessted in for Movies, Series, TV Shows, Games, Anime, Manga, Books and Documentaries! All at ONE PLACE! I will add much more nice features if the project will be funded! (If you have a cool idea that you want to see on the website too let it me know)Now I will explain you what each picture is showing you. Click for High Resolution As you can see it's the main page where you can easily find upcoming movies, series, games and more and of course whats actual in the cinemas too. Click for High Resolution Here is the profile page. You can see many interessting informations about "you" here. Now you see the "Taste-Box" (That name ... Ughh) Of course you have an adult content filter! You can set your profile on privat, only friends and public same as the TOP 10 lists. ;) Also you can link your social media accounts. Click for High Resolution This is how it looks like if you click for an example on "Movies". You can sort the list by recommend, highest rating, imdb rating and views! If you click on "Filter" you can chose which genre you want to see. The eye symbol under the yellow box is the "watched/read/played" button. If you make a mistake you can simply remove the title from your list. Click for High Resolution Thats how the title site looks like. Here you can see a cool info box next to the cover with full of informations about the title. In this example you can click on any actor and you will see the full list in which movies or series he/she was in! Of course you can the movies of the actor by recommend too! The comment section has two boxes as you can see. The lila boxes show you only comments from friends. If you dont want to see them you can simply hide it if you want. Also you can sort the comments by newest, most popular and oldest. But why I am saying that you can obviously seeing that. You can see how high someone rate a title at the right bottom corner. Under the user profile picture you can also see how many hours as user have spent on movies, series, ... If you click on "Video-On-Demand I DVD / Blu-ray" a box will show up. Here you can see quickly where you can see or buy the title. If you click again "Video-on-Demand I DVD / Blu-ray" the box will disappear. by clicking this button you will see the rating window. Click for High Resolution Here you can rate a lot! The "Recommendation" line will be the main rating and all other line will not take effect on the title rating! All other genre and subgenres are there to help people to decide if they watch it or not. Let me make an example ... If some other user is searching for a scary horror movie he can look at the rating and if some users say the movie is more "funny" by voting on the genre comedy, he will see this one isn't a good scary movie he is searching for! Also it compare your ratings with other peoples ratings and if some user rating the same they have a simliar "taste" and this will take effect to your profile which kind of titles fits for you. Here you see the left bar and what it includes. A click on survey will show you a random title and if you watched/played/read it you can rate it and if not you can simply skip it. For doing surveys you will get points that will help you to rank up and also it helps other users and you because you give more informations to the system about your taste. A chat is planned too because people like to talk with eachother :) This is how your username will look like if you give 75 Euro or more. Only backers will get this colour and will be the only ones! Thats all I can say for now about this website project. As I said before if you guys have any idea that you want on the website too let it me know! This project will be built up by the community. So your mind is important too! ;)This could be the start of something big! Risks and challenges I don't know how long it will take till the website will launch, but I will try my best that this awesome website goes online as soon as possible! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter