VIDEO WILL BE UP SOON. SORRY FOR THE INCONVENIENCE.What is Stoner of Arabia?Stoner of Arabia is the feature film debut of Zandora Productions, a film company based in Eugene, Oregon. It is a stoner action comedy that aims to entertain and offend every race, gender, and religion.The CPVPV. The Committee for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice. A government bureaucracy in Saudi Arabia that regulates nationally-promoted Islamic morality. However, two members of the most highly-feared police department in the Arab World don't meet the standards of their own organization.Meet Abdul Saleh and Majid Morsi, two police men in Mecca who are just in it for the salary and special perks. Abdul is a master of statistics who often abuses his power to fix international lotteries. Majid is a habitual marijuana smoker who gets his supply from drug busts.The local wing of the CPVPV in Mecca is run by Chief Alalalalala, whose name is the butt of the police department's jokes. As his cataracts have gone untreated for the past ten years, he is completely blind and unaware of his surroundings.After Abdul and Majid bust yet another kid for using Marijuana, they discover the rarest strain of Marijuana ever, named Saudi Kush. Each ounce is valued at 4,000 USD. Access to this supply could easily make the two the richest men in Saudi Arabia. However, it is also highly sought after by a drug ring known as the Sultans, headquartered in Yemen, whose membership and inner workings are entirely unknown.After said bust somehow reveals the location of the Sultans, Chief Alalalalala invites Abdul and Majid to come with him to the annual CPVPV Leadership Conference in Riyadh. Convinced there is nothing else better to do, they gladly go along.At the airport in Mecca, Alalalalala goes through without a problem. However, even though Abdul and Majid are traveling with many "self-defense" weapons that would be illegal in most countries including their own, they are only stopped for possession of a gram of Northern Lights. While they try to sort it out with airport security, they lose track of the Chief.Chief, who has somehow been completely lost, pulls Abdul and Majid into a wild goose chase across Saudi Arabia in order to find him.Who is producing Stoner of Arabia?The company behind Stoner of Arabia is Zandora Productions, a film production company in Eugene, Oregon. We have produced a few short films before, and we're trying to break into feature film production with this project.How is this project funded? What's the funding for?Making a feature film like this is extremely expensive. Filming permits, catering, equipment, and marketing are all parts of this machine. Thankfully, all the main actors on this film have agreed to work pro bono, which cuts down costs significantly. However, we still need to hire background actors, visual affects artists, and voice over artists with deep voices for narration.We realize that $20,000 is a lot to ask for for a debut feature film from a studio that you've probably never heard of in your entire life, but we can assure you, it'll be worth it.What's the status of the production?Stoner of Arabia is in pre-production. The script has been finished after the third draft. Filming is to start in December 2013, with the project finishing late 2014 to early 2015.How can I help?By pledging any amount of money, you will receive the rewards exclusive to those pledging through Kickstarter. Any and all pledges will help this project immensely. Risks and challenges Our biggest challenge is simply to create a film people want to see and enjoy. Creating a feature film that doesn't have to rely on cheap gags and big names to drive people to the theater is hard work, and is a monumental task when it's a debut film like this one. It takes the right people to make a quality film look quality as well. Finding visual effects artists that have real passion in their line of work will take some time to find. Thanks for the support and thanks in advance for dealing with any delays we encounter during the production and delivery process. We've done many short films in the past, but not as lengthy and on such as a scale as this one, and we look forward to it! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter