SNAPSTYK™ is a beautifully designed, durable cell phone case and selfie stick in one. No more carrying around extra cases or mounts, and say goodbye to those bulky sticks! SNAPSTYK is slim, stylish and sturdy, and fits discreetly into your pocket or bag for easy access when it's time to capture that special moment. Available for iPhone 6/6s and Samsung Galaxy S6 BUILT-IN STICK: Strong, sturdy and extends up to 11 inches. Quickly and easily retracts back into place for convenient storage when not in use. MULTI-FUNCTIONAL BUTTON: Features Bluetooth technology which controls your device's camera to capture both photo and video. This button also powers ON your SNAPSTYK. Automatic OFF after 30 seconds. ROTATING HEAD: Position your mobile device vertically or horizontally to get the best angle in either Portrait Mode or Landscape Mode. DEVICE CONTROL SLOTS: Controls, ports, microphone and speaker remain easily accessible, allowing you to keep your SNAPSTYK case on your device at all times. DUAL CAMERA ACCESS: Capture photos and videos using your device's front-facing or rear-facing camera. SLIM, DURABLE, STURDY: Manufactured with high-end materials to provide quality protection for your device, as well as a strong, stable hold when fully extended. The slim, discreet design makes it easy to store away in your pocket or bag. SNAPSTYK™ originated from the desire to have the benefit of added stability, better angles and a wider shot when taking selfies with family and friends, but without the extra mounts and sticks. We searched for a cool, discreet cell phone case with selfie stick built in, but couldn't find anything. So we set out to design our own!After nearly two years of research and development, and several designs later, we have created a product that meets our high standards of strength, durability, style and convenience. We've teamed up with tremendous and reputable engineers and manufacturers to help bring SNAPSTYK to life. The molds have been created, a utility patent is pending, and we're ready to bring SNAPSTYK to market. We're excited to introduce this product to the Kickstarter community. Together, we can make SNAPSTYK a reality. Thank you for your support! To pre-order your very own SNAPSTYK case, support our project by selecting a reward that is $30 or higher. Each of these rewards offer at least one (1) SNAPSTYK case. Rewards $55 or higher offer additional cases if you'd like multiple cases in different colors, or if you would like to buy more for friends. As an extra special THANK YOU to our early backers, we're offering a limited number of cases at higher discounts. So be sure to act fast to save even more cash.We will collect your shipping information when this campaign is complete. It's that easy!(See below for a detailed list of all reward options) VOTE FOR YOUR FAVORITE COLOR. If we make it to this point, we owe you a huge thank you! To show our appreciation for all of your support, we'll let you choose the next SNAPSTYK case color(s). For every $10,000 over our initial goal, we will add another color to production. You can vote for your favorite color(s) on each social network. Click the buttons below to vote! Actual colors may appear slightly different than samples shown above. Some of our rewards include a high quality SNAPSTYK T-Shirt. If you'd like to go above and beyond with your support, you can add additional T-shirts to your order for only $10.To add to your order, simply select your desired pledge amount from the "Rewards" section on the right. When the "Back this project" window appears, click inside of the "Pledge amount" box to add to your total. We will include an additional T-Shirt for every $10 you add. If you would like to add more SNAPSTYK cases to your reward, simply add $40 to your pledge amount. We will include an additional SNAPSTYK case for every $40 you add to your total. T-shirts available in sizes XS, S, M, L, XL, XXL You can choose black, silver or gold at the end of the campaign. More color options will be available for every $10,000 over our initial goal. See the STRETCH GOALS section above to vote for your favorite color! Manufactured using Polycarbonate (PC), a strong, tough, impact-resistant material. Power supplied by 3V CR2032 battery. *Battery Included Manufactured using Polycarbonate (PC), a strong, tough, impact-resistant material. Power supplied by 3V CR2032 battery. *Battery Included Risks and challenges A product such as this has inherent uncertainties and quality control risks. Logistical challenges like the PCB board functioning as planned, proper sizing of the Polycarbonate (PC) or production delays can occur. We have partnered with an experienced manufacturer from Guangdong, China, and we’ve visited their factory. They have tremendous experience with both phone accessories as well as Bluetooth technology and have manufactured many great products, so they are well versed in scaling up production for this type of product. We still have very important testing and certification processes to complete for SNAPSTYK, which could result in delays. Our manufacturer has been through this process numerous times for other products and they believe we should not have any difficulties. We are working hard to minimize any risks or delays. Our commitment is to keep our backers updated on our progress and be transparent about any problems that may arise. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter