My bandmates (Anna Tivel: violin/vocals, Sam Howard: Upright Bass/vocals, and Amanda Breese: Guitar/Vocals) and myself have been working very hard on two specific songs, "Over the Mountain" and "Only For You" and now we really want to be able to share them. I plan to record these two songs and release them on cdbaby as well as itunes. I am so grateful for the talent lended to their fruition by these three amazing musicians and I am very excited to be able to start recording so you can hear them too! About the songs: I had been humming snippet of the melody of "Only For You" for quite sometime before the words ever filled themselves in. I just had this little melody playing in my mind and I wasn't quite sure where it would go. This was very shortly after meeting Anna and working with her on a song for my first EP. After that experience, I wanted more than anything to have a song of my own where I could get to hear her play a solo violin part, and that is when I knew what this song would be based around. So I started to try to work out the rest of the melody first, before I had the lyrics which is very different for me, since my poems have always been the basis of my songs and the words and vocals are where I feel the most comfortable in my abilities. But after realizing this song was aching for violin, once I had that in my head, the rest of the melody seemed to just flow in behind the little snippet I alreay had. And then, it was as if I knew the words already. Once I heard the melody they came flowing out too. It just turned into this pure and simple confession of love. They are lyrics that came from a very sincere place and it is still my very favorite song that I have written. I am not sure where "Over the Mountain" came from. It sort of unfolded itself from this fascination and idea that I have of how life was back in oldtime Appalachian Mountains. I had this image in my mind of a girl standing on a hillside and waiting for her true love to come home from whatever war he was fighting or far off perilous journey he had left her to embark upon. This song is very close to me and I was hesitant to let it go, I always tended to be selfish with it and play it solo, but when Amanda first came to me with a high harmony and guitar part that was so haunting I couldn't deny it, I decided it could definitely use a band behind it. When Sam and Anna came in together with bowed bass and violin, and Sam adding a third harmony, they killed me! They just filled up the whole song and I still get chills when I hear them playng it with me and have to try hard to keep myself from smiling so much i can't sing, or stopping to listen to them playing! I would have to say we are all most proud of this one. About Jenna and the plans for these songs: I want a lot for these two songs. It has been a long time in the making to get to this point with them, to have learned enough to create the sound I want, to have found the right musicians to work them up into music. I want to take these two recordings and use them as an example of my very, very best. As something that I am proud to put out in the world as my music, my art, my work, myself. These are to be the first two songs that I really want to push forward, to try to get them heard. Singing and writing is what gives me meaning. It is my truest hope is to record these two songs in the best possible way, with the help of amazing musicians and engineers, with the best equipment and with the most care and attention and passion I can muster so that maybe my words will mean something to someone else too. preview my first EP at http://www.cdbaby.com/cd/ellefsonjenna read lyrics at www.myspace.com/mayellefson