LATEST FAQ VISIT WARMACHINETACTICS.COM SUPPORT WARMACHINE: TACTICS THROUGH PAYPAL NEW GAMEPLAY VIDEOBelow is an in-engine snapshot of development where we’re working out what casting through an arc-node would play like. Imagine wading into battle with a squad of skilled warriors at your command, a cadre of ten-ton robots that obey your every thought, and the power of a thunderstorm in the palm of your hand. That’s what we want you to experience in WARMACHINE: Tactics, the turn-based tactics game that, with your help, will bring the award-winning WARMACHINE miniatures game from the tabletop to your desktop PC or Mac. Privateer Press Interactive and video game developer WhiteMoon Dreams have joined forces to bring WARMACHINE to life. Inspired by the predecessors of this hallowed genre like Valkyria Chronicles, Final Fantasy Tactics, and the X-COM franchise, WARMACHINE: Tactics seeks to break new ground for turn-based tactics games by delivering a never-before-seen level of dynamic battlefield combat. As you’ll see in the video, the development team has worked around the clock for several months to prove we have the experience and the ability to turn WARMACHINE into an incredible video game worthy of your pledge. Kickstarter has provided the opportunity to realize this vision, and with you on our side, we can make it a reality. To date, we have unlocked 16 stretch goals, adding incredible content and features to the game, making your $20 pledge an amazing value! Rivalries as old as man steep the Iron Kingdoms in a tradition of incessant war, forging in its violent fires heroes of unimaginable power and the weapons they alone can wield. This is a land dominated by iron giants and their heroic human controllers, a fantastic realm marching to the progressive cadence of an industrial revolution, where magic and technology have found common ground in the form of a new science, called “mechanika.” Dominating the field of battle are the WARCASTERS, rare individuals who have mastered both sorcerous magic and martial combat and who possess the singular ability to command the mightiest warriors of the Iron Kingdoms—ten-ton, flame-belching, lead-spewing machines of destruction called WARJACKS. Warjacks are the warcasters’ greatest weapons—titanic, steam-powered automatons with arcane brains, magically linked to their warcaster controllers and capable of executing their every devastating order. Together, a warcaster and his warjacks possess the power of a small army. When leading a military force, they are unstoppable. The wars that engulf the Iron Kingdoms are waged by four powerful nations: imperialistic and conquest-driven Khador; heroic Cygnar, with its cutting-edge technology; the fanatical Protectorate of Menoth; and the undead “Nightmare Empire” of Cryx. Bolstering the forces of these factions are countless mercenaries, drawn from all corners of the continent to profit from the endless conflicts. Other nations beyond the Iron Kingdoms have also entered the fray—ancient and inhuman races, some who ally with the human factions and others who would see humanity destroyed. For a deeper look into the world and factions of WARMACHINE, visit WARMACHINETACTICS.COM. WARMACHINE: Tactics is a squad-level, turn-based tactics game featuring both a single-player campaign and online synchronous and asynchronous head-to-head multiplayer options. Whether playing the campaign or multiplayer, the command and management of your squad is key. Not only will you make defining choices about the warcaster, warjacks, and warriors that comprise your squad, but you will also utilize strong tactical direction of their strengths and abilities in battle as well as astute guidance for how they evolve over time. WARMACHINE: Tactics is designed around the philosophy of synergy between the members of a squad. Every unit is part of the whole and can interact with other units for greater effect. Similar to the concept of creating ability combos in a trading card game, units in WARMACHINE: Tactics can combine effects and abilities that support each other’s efforts and increase one another’s effectiveness. Careful and creative selection of a squad’s warcaster, warjacks, and warriors is essential to an effective strategy. Plus, it means you can design exactly the force you want to put onto the battlefield. Then once your squad takes to the field of battle, your tactical command of their actions will govern their success. Will your squad advance cautiously, utilizing cover and outmaneuvering the enemy, or will they charge furiously into melee combat where brute force and resilience will win the day? In battle, how you command your warcaster, warjacks, and warriors and the tactical decisions you make to adapt to your enemy will determine your squad’s fate. In WARMACHINE: Tactics, you’ll be able to save multiple squads in different configurations so that you can always pick the best load out for the mission or opponent at hand. And if you want to see how your squad stacks up, you’ll be able to pit them against an AI opponent in order to try out your strategies and evaluate their performance before putting them to the true test against opponents from around the world. The Iron Kingdoms are populated by rare individuals who possess incredible arcane talents in addition to unmatched combat skills. Even more important, they can mentally command and channel their power through the most devastating weapons of war—warjacks. In WARMACHINE: Tactics, your squad is led by such a warcaster, one of many unique characters drawn from a colorful pantheon that makes up the epic cast of this setting. Each warcaster possesses an arsenal of weapons tailored to his personal fighting style as well as a unique combination of spells and skills. These include a defining arcane feat that, when used at the right time, can turn the tide of battle. Warcasters possess a replenishing reservoir of magical energy, called focus, which endows them with their superhuman abilities. Focus is used to cast spells, charge the protective fields of their specially created battle armor, and increase the effectiveness of their combat abilities. Every warcaster interacts with his or her warjacks and warriors differently. One warcaster may promote aggressive strategies and bolster her squad’s performance in melee combat, while another warcaster may provide greater defense and longevity to his squad, encouraging a more methodical approach to victory. The interchangeability of warcasters in WARMACHINE: Tactics provides nearly infinite replayability and ensures that no two game experiences are ever the same. The spearhead of the WARMACHINE fighting force is the warjack. Outfitted with an array of wicked weaponry, these imposing constructs of steel and iron are brought to life through a fusion of steam power and magic and controlled with deadly precision by the warcaster. A warcaster is in constant telepathic contact with her warjacks and can channel her focus through a warjack to boost the machine’s combat abilities and enable it to execute devastating power attacks. The relationship between warcasters and their warjacks is as close as the kinship between any brothers in arms. Over time, a warjack gains experience and may bond with its warcaster, taking on unique personality characteristics and developing new aptitudes. Fleshing out the squad in WARMACHINE: Tactics are the warriors. Encompassing a wide range of disciplines and roles, warriors are selected for the fighting capability and supporting tactics they add to your squad based on how you want the force to operate on the battlefield. Squads in WARMACHINE: Tactics are small, elite units, and the warriors that comprise them are all heroes in their own right. The warriors bring with them a gallery of incredible weapons and abilities that can make a squad perform efficiently and effectively in any situation, from rapid assaults to stealthy hit-and-run maneuvers and everything in between. Each battle awards warriors, warjacks, and your warcaster with experience that unlocks new options for your squad, like tactical feats for the warriors or bonds between the warcaster and his warjacks that affect the performance of the warjacks in specific situations. This ever-growing list of options can be accessed during squad building to customize your force to your precise strategy. Each campaign will focus on a single novice warcaster character and allow you to play through the formative experience that evolves that character into a full-fledged warcaster, also playable in multiplayer. The campaigns will deliver an extensive, story-driven experience. Although conducting your squad during campaign battles works exactly like combat in multiplayer, you’ll also have the opportunity to choose how the central character develops her abilities through the course of her evolution. WARMACHINE: Tactics will ship with the “No Man’s Land” campaign, featuring Cygnar’s Lt. Allison Jakes, a young journeyman warcaster trained as a duelist who is unexpectedly thrust into a position of great responsibility and leadership before she is ready. Under your command, Lt. Jakes will rise to the occasion in the face of horror and adversity in this harrowing story that will define her character forever in the ongoing saga of WARMACHINE. Future campaigns will explore all the factions of WARMACHINE and feature a cast of characters uniquely designed for both the video game and the tabletop. One of the most exciting aspects of WARMACHINE: Tactics is being able to play against your friends no matter where you are or what time it is. Online multiplayer will support both synchronous and asynchronous play, so you can compete head-to-head against a live opponent on the other side of the world, or you can play the asynchronous “play-by-mail” mode, which allows both players to take turns at their leisure. If you don’t have a friend available and still want to get your battle on, you’ll be able to find an opponent with automatic matchmaking. And WARMACHINE: Tactics will offer casual, ranked, and tournament play to suit the style of every player. Multiplayer will be supported with regular releases of new maps, units, and even whole new factions. We want to ensure that your game experience is consistently fresh and offers new challenges every time you play. Our funding goal allows us to produce the single-player campaign and the multiplayer mode featuring playable forces with multiple warcasters, warjacks, and warriors for the Cygnar and Khador factions as well as some Cryx units that appear in the single-player campaign—about three dozen units in all. We hope to get a whole lot more in there by achieving our stretch goals: the WARMACHINE tabletop game currently includes over 500 distinct warriors, warjacks, and warcasters, and our ambition is to bring as many of them into WARMACHINE: Tactics as possible. Our goal is to deliver regular expansions to the game in the form of campaign and themed bundles that will add new characters to your faction rosters and new stories to experience. Multiplayer maps will also be released regularly as free downloads, available to play by everyone. We’re not just going to show you some pretty pictures and expect that you’ll back our project. We’re going to entice you with what we hope are tantalizing offers you can’t refuse! The risk you’re taking on us is worthy of reward, and we’ve spent months putting together a treasure trove of serious plunder.For a detailed description of each of our rewards, please visit WARMACHINETACTICS.COM. DIGITAL REWARDSTHE GAME — Digital download for PC & Mac. It will include the single-player “No Man’s Land” campaign, online multiplayer, and all content and enhancements that are made to the game by achieving our stretch goals. We will also honor your name in the game credits beneath a statement of our eternal thanks for your support.FORUMS BADGE — Identify yourself as one of our honored backers. DIGITAL GAME MANUAL — Step-by-step instructions on doing battle. DIGITAL STRATEGY GUIDE — Get an edge over your opponents! ALTERNATE COMPANY SKINS — Different looks for different battles. EXTREME WARJACKS — Roid-raging steam-powered robots! DIGITAL ART BOOK — Gorgeous concept and production art from the game. COMMANDER STURGIS — Early access to this super-badass warcaster in both his heroic living and corrupted undead incarnations. mp3 SOUNDTRACK — Take the sounds of battle anywhere! GOLD WARJACKS — These pimped-out alternate 'jack skins won’t rust or tarnish. BETA ACCESS — Why wait until it’s done?CUSTOM-DESIGNED DIGITAL DECAL — Your design, IN the game! IMMORTAL — YOUR FACE on an Orgoth ruin speaking in YOUR VOICE, IN the game! PHYSICAL REWARDSExcept as noted below, all physical rewards are expected to be delivered in April 2014.LIMITED-EDITION SCULPTS & COLLECTOR'S COINS — Get your hands on these all-new characters months before their unlimited versions are available. Each limited-edition sculpt comes with an exclusive gold card and a corresponding collector's coin commemorating service in its respective faction. These limited editions will only ever be made for our backers, and we’ll destroy the molds after they've been produced. Quantities are limited to one of each character per backer. (International Customers please see our International Shipping Rates page for info regarding Reward and Add On shipping fees.)Limited Edition Sculpts include: Cygnar — Journeyman Warcaster, Lt. Allison Jakes Khador — Kovnik Andrei Malakov Protectorate of Menoth — Initiate Tristan Durant Cryx — Aiakos, Scourge of Meredius Mercenaries — Gastone Crosse Retribution of Scyrah — Elara, Tyro of the Third Chamber Cygnar/Cryx — Commander Dalin Sturgis/Sturgis the Corrupted JOURNEYMAN WARCASTER PATCH — Show you’ve got at least 3 focus! MAGUS WARCASTER PATCH — Wear it and warjacks will obey your commands! LIMITED-EDITION DICE — Killer designs, four to a pack! THE WAR CHEST — Limited-Edition Collector's Set WARCASTER PORTRAIT — Canvas print of you as a warcaster, illustrated by WhiteMoon Dreams Art Director Todd Harris! (International Customers please see our International Shipping Rates page for info regarding Reward and Add On shipping fees.)CANVAS ART PRINT — Gorgeous 32" x 24" canvas art prints by the WhiteMoon Dreams artists depicting characters from the game. These are Kickstarter exclusives, never to be offered like this again. Available prints are TRUE BLUE, WHITE KNIGHT, SEEING RED and BLACK HEART. Signed by Jay Koottarappallil and Matt Wilson on front or back, upon request in your backer survey. (International customers, please add $50 for shipping.) What are add-ons? Add-ons are items you may choose to add to your pledge at any time during the campaign. All seven Kickstarter-exclusive limited-edition sculpts are available as add-ons and will be accompanied by exclusive gold cards and special collector's coins. Other add-ons may become available over the course of the Kickstarter campaign. Add-ons are available to any backer at the $20 New Recruit level or higher. For a detailed walk-through of how to Add On, CLICK HERE.INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING CHARGES FOR ADD ONSPlease note that Add Ons require shipping charges for international customers, which must also be include in your total the same way your are managing your pledge here. Please see the International Shipping Rates page for a complete breakdown of our current shipping costs. ADDITIONAL ADD-ONS NOT AVAILABLE AS REWARDS Extreme Warcaster Redesigns & Warjack Customization Kit ($10):Exclusively for our Kickstarter backers, we are creating alternate EXTREME redesigns of a warcaster for each of the four core factions as well as providing optional customization accessories for your warjacks, like extra armor plates, banners and campaign badges. Extreme warcasters will include: Ground Zero Siege, Red Rage Butcher, Menoth's Glory Kreoss and Dragon Touched Asphyxious. (Note that there are no in-game performance different to the characters, these are aesthetic changes only.) Tabletop Map Pack (Digital Download) ($10):The Tabletop Map Pack is a digital download that will include five high-res miniatures-scale battle maps straight out of WARMACHINE: Tactics that you can print out and use in your tabletop games. The in-game maps are incredibly detailed and will make fantastic encounter locations for RPGs or small WARMACHINE & HORDES skirmishes. Also included is the map of the continent of Immoren, featuring the Iron Kingdoms. Maps will be presented as 150 dpi PDF files, in 7.5” x 10” chunks that you can print off any home printer, but each will also be included as a single, complete image in case you want to print them from a large format printer or poster service. Battle map dimensions will range from 15”-25” in width to 15”-25” in length, and the Immoren map will be printable up to 41” wide x 33” high at the full 150 dpi resolution! High Command Kickstarter Pack ($10): High Command is Privateer Press's exciting new deck-building game releasing this summer. It features conflict between the warcasters, warjacks, and warriors of the Iron Kingdoms factions highlighted in WARMACHINE: Tactics and the WARMACHINE tabletop miniatures game. Don't miss out on this pack of 8 Kickstarter-exclusive High Command warcaster cards including the featured novice warcaster characters as well as both versions of Sturgis, seen above. The cards will never be offered again, anywhere! (Ships for free but MUST be added on to a pledge including one or more limited-edition sculpts from a Reward tier or other Add-On.) Rites of Passage eBook Anthology ($5): From Skull Island eXpeditions comes an anthology authored by the staff writers at Privateer Press, featuring stories about each of the novice warcasters featured in the Kickstarter campaign. A code will be sent in February of 2014 when you can download the anthology from Skull Island eXpeditions. DUAL ALLEGIANCE ($10): Can't decide where your Sturgis loyalties lie? Never fear! The Dual Allegiance add on gives you all the additional components you need to build both Commander Dalin Sturgis and Sturgis the Corrupted using the parts provided in the Dalin Sturgis miniature reward. (International Customers please see our International Shipping Rates page for info regarding Reward and Add On shipping fees.) *Note that the Dalin Sturgis miniature is required to be able to use the components contained in the Dual Allegiance Add On STURGIS COIN ($8): Planning on displaying both versions of Sturgis and want to show off both sides of the coin along side him? Grab this Add On to make your display complete! (Ships for free but MUST be added on to a pledge including one ore more limited-edition sculpts from a Reward tier or other Add On.) EXTRA DIGITAL COPY OF THE GAME ($20): Need an extra copy of WARMACHINE: Tactics for a friend or maybe just yourself? Well this add on is for you. Grab an additional copy (or more) of WARMACHINE: Tactics as a digital download for PC or Mac by adding $20 to your pledge of New Recruit or higher. Two original DRM-free eBook novellas from Skull Island expeditions ($5): The Warcaster Chronicles, Volume 1: The Way of Caine by Miles Holmes; and The Warcaster Chronicles, Volume 2: The Butcher of Khardov by Dan Wells. A code will be sent following the close of the Kickstarter and submission of the backer surveys in August 2013 that you can use to download the novellas from Skull Island eXpeditions. Five original DRM-free eBook novellas from Skull Island expeditions ($10): The Warlock Sagas, Volume 1: Instruments of War by Larry Correia; The Warcaster Chronicles, Volume 1: The Way of Caine by Miles Holmes; Dogs of War: The Devil’s Pay by Dave Gross; Exiles in Arms: Moving Targets by C. L. Werner; and The Warcaster Chronicles, Volume 2: The Butcher of Khardov by Dan Wells. A code will be sent following the close of the Kickstarter and submission of the backer surveys in August 2013 that you can use to download the novellas from Skull Island eXpeditions. WARMACHINE: Tactics will be produced through the joint effort of Privateer Press Interactive and video game developer WhiteMoon Dreams. The relationship between Privateer Press Interactive and WhiteMoon Dreams has been forged over several years of working together to realize the ambition of creating a WARMACHINE video game. This collaboration has allowed us time to bond, to learn to work effectively and efficiently, and to develop the trust required for two entities to undertake the challenge of bringing a dream to life. Individually, we bring vital expertise and resources to the WARMACHINE: Tactics project, and together we can achieve more than either of us ever could alone.Privateer Press Interactive and WhiteMoon Dreams have made a considerable investment in time and money to pay for the initial development of WARMACHINE: Tactics. We accepted this risk so that we could present a project worthy of your confidence. Our belief is that by promoting this project on Kickstarter, we’ll raise the profile of the game and expand awareness of WARMACHINE to an even wider audience that will help us achieve the funding necessary to produce the best version of WARMACHINE: Tactics possible. In early 2013, Privateer Press Interactive and WhiteMoon Dreams officially joined forces to co-produce WARMACHINE: Tactics without the traditional support of a publisher. Privateer Press Interactive was founded by Matt Wilson, owner and Chief Creative Officer of Privateer Press, Inc., the leading independent producer of tabletop miniatures games, best known for WARMACHINE, the game of steam-powered combat set in the fantastic world of the Iron Kingdoms. The mission of Privateer Press Interactive is to bring the tabletop gaming worlds of Privateer Press into the digital medium. Wilson, who created WARMACHINE, has worked in the game industry for over 18 years as an artist, art director, writer, and award winning game designer. Prior to the twelve years of titles he has generated at Privateer Press, Wilson art directed and was the lead concept artist for Magic: the Gathering at Wizards of the Coast, as well as contributing artistically to Dungeons & Dragons, FASA’s Battletech and Shadowrun lines, and AEG’s Legend of the Five Rings, where he also created the world and developed the game. For six years, Los Angeles-based WhiteMoon Dreams has worked with companies all over the world to bring their games to market and has been heavily involved in game technology R&D with partners including Disney, Intel, and Tencent. WhiteMoon Dreams is helmed by founder and CEO, Jay Koottarappallil, who has spent 18 years in the video game industry working on a range of titles, including the Myth, Ratchet & Clank and Medal of Honor series’. Koottarappallil has assembled a team of design heavyweights including Creative Director Scott Campbell, one of the key minds behind the original Fallout, and Game Director Kevin Mack, who ushered Fear Effect and Medal of Honor. Projects at WhiteMoon Dreams are managed by Executive Producer Rusty Buchert, a revered icon for indies everywhere for his work at Sony on such titles as Flow, Flower and Journey as well as being responsible for some of Interplay’s biggest games, including Descent, several Star Trek games, and many others. By combining and sharing resources between our two companies, we are able to move rapidly and efficiently through the development process of video game production. WARMACHINE: Tactics is a true collaboration, and because of the constant communication and the fact that WARMACHINE'S creator, Matt Wilson is part of the game’s design team, we are able to ensure the most faithful interpretation of the WARMACHINE setting possible. Risks and challenges A letter from Privateer Press Interactive founder, Matt Wilson: Video games are complex undertakings. Everything presented on the screen has been painstakingly created by many disciplined professionals—artists, animators, programmers, designers, and audio and effects engineers. Games are a meticulously orchestrated symphony that, when well presented, create unforgettable interactive experiences for those who play them. If the concert isn’t well executed or conducted, the result is sluggish performance, a frustrating interface, low-quality art, or missed deadlines. These variables make predicting the outcome uncertain, but every potential problem is surmountable with the proper application of time. Ideally preparation and experience will help avoid any pitfalls, and carefully planned contingencies will make it less disruptive when one is unavoidable. The most significant challenge in software development is simply delivering what’s been promised on time. While it may appear Privateer Press has made some bold moves in the past, the truth is, we are risk averse. We make our decisions cautiously, with great consideration and calculation. Privateer Press Interactive, being composed of the same executive team, is no different. We know our greatest risk in this is the reputation of the Privateer Press name we have built over the past twelve years, and we have not undertaken this project lightly. The decision to launch this project on Kickstarter came after nearly a year and a half of observation and analysis of other crowdfunded projects, and our decision to make this journey with WhiteMoon Dreams follows nearly five years of friendship and trust developed from our professional association. This is not a quickly conceived scheme, nor are we entrusting our beloved WARMACHINE to an unknown quantity. We have weighed the alternatives and considered the variables, and we’re confident in our choice of development partners. But that’s not enough. Just like you, we needed to see it in action. To be sure of our decision, along with WhiteMoon Dreams we have funded several months of development on WARMACHINE: Tactics so we’d be able to show you something credible and worthy of your pledge. We didn’t want to just show concept art and offer lengthy descriptions of the game we envision; we set out to prove we have a team with the talent to bring this world to life. New progress is made on the game daily, and we’ll be sharing that with you regularly throughout the campaign and right up until the product launch. We’ve chosen a realistic funding goal that will support the required development, and we’ve committed to a comfortable timeline with built-in contingencies should we encounter unavoidable delays. And we have planned our current funding beyond the end of this Kickstarter so that our team can remain focused on its continued development without skipping a beat. When we undertook this project, we also made a pledge: we will not launch another Kickstarter project until WARMACHINE: Tactics has released and has achieved all we have promised to deliver in the basic game as well as all the stretch goals we reach. We view this Kickstarter campaign as our one shot—our single opportunity to create this game on our terms, and with your support. We will honor your support above all else. No one knows the future. When I met Jay Koottarappallil of WhiteMoon Dreams five years ago, neither of us imagined we’d someday be making our WARMACHINE game this way. But now, more than ever, I am confident it will get done—and I can’t wait to play it with you. Matt Wilson Owner & CCO Privateer Press, Inc. Privateer Press Interactive, Inc. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter