Hello Kickstarter community, my name is Patrick Pernia of San Jose, California. I hope you liked the video and are intrigued by the potential of having a mobile app like Koorier.Ride-sharing services are already dominated by a few well known players. However, the mobile app companies dictate the overall pricing strategy. There are also budding apps offering delivery services through motorists or travelers. They cater to either individuals or businesses who need faster, and possibly cheaper, mode of delivery services compared to the established shipping companies.If Koorier were in existence right now, I believe it would be the first and only app offering both delivery and ride sharing services, and also have the price of the service be flexible.Koorier is targeting a market composed of:1. senders or passengers who want a fast, on-demand service but not willing to pay the typical prices offered by ride-share apps, taxis, or shipping companies2. drivers (kooriers) who are willing to accept a lower price for delivery or ride-sharing services because they're headed in that direction anywayA koorier might be willing to accept a lower price than what he would otherwise get driving for other mobile app companies because he is just trying to monetize a trip he has to make anyway. Other apps charge higher prices for ride-shares or deliveries because each route is customized to the specific needs of the customer.I found a mobile app developer on Fiverr who is offering a pre-built source code for ride-sharing services for $325. The code includes:- Chat - Real time map - Payment integration- iOS Client app - iOS Driver app - Android Client app - Android Driver app - Webserver + Admin panel - Full documentation - Libraries (Facebook connect, etc.) - AWS APII can cover the monthly maintenance costs, which is mostly fees to AWS. I would have to pay somebody I know personally to make adjustments to the source code to customize it according to Koorier's unique business (pricing) model.I know $325 is not a lot to raise on Kickstarter. Afterall, I'll be spending more on monthly AWS fees and code customization. I am hoping that backers will also spread the word on social Facebook and Twitter.In essence, it is more important to me that backers start using and spreading the word on Koorier than the paltry goal set on this project. Hopefully, if the campaign goes well beyond $325, I can spend more on making the platform more robust as well as on marketing efforts to evangelize the Koorier mobile app.REWARDS: I came up with a design for a car windshield sticker or window static cling, incorporating the logo for the future mobile app. A company in Texas which specializes in custom signs made two samples for me as shown in the following pictures. front and back view of the sticker (unpeeled) - static cling is on the face of the sticker If you want to be a koorier in the future, you will need this sticker so the sender or passenger can easily identify your vehicle when you meet up. Adheres with static, removable, and can be re-positioned with no residue. Made in the USA Risks and challenges There are no risks when it comes to delivering the stickers. The real risks involve the Koorier app. It's obviously a more complicated project and if I don't get additional funding (from venture capitalists or angel investors) the app may not prosper. At the very least you have a novelty item or souvenir in the form of a car windshield sticker Learn about accountability on Kickstarter