The other day, one of the world's most exclusive coaches, asked me my "why" for offering this concert. He said, "Why, Heather, are you doing this? What is your 'why'? Because I can guarantee you that one one is at home at night thinking to themselves, 'Gee, I need a Heather Hightower in my life. But I can feel your energy brewing for this event and you need to tell us WHY.'"I told him a bunch of things. But then I told him this, which plain and simple brought tears to my own eyes:There are people dying every single day because they cannot express themselves. Their own music - literal or figurative - is trapped inside of them. I am doing this because by sharing my music, I help others let it out, too. What you get out of this is that I, by extension, help YOU let out YOUR music and live more. You may be familiar with the wonderful Howard Thurman quote: "Don't ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what this world needs is people who have come alive." In order to go do what makes you come alive, you have to be able to express it - first to yourself, and then to others. I help you get there. So with that said, let me set the event stage for you.Imagine walking into an ancient cathedral, lit by hundreds of candles, and taking an evening to open up into the greater part of who you are. The angelic music supporting you, the warm environment softening your soul. Friends old and new on either side of you.Voices of Light: Guatemala 2012 is a free concert event in Antigua, Guatemala that is happening on December 18th, just three days before the end of the Mayan calendar. You are invited to attend. You'll be joined by the local community as well as people who've flown in from all over the world to make this night special. What's this concert about? This event is about creating a space through music for you to be able to let out your own music. We're using classical music, the sacred sounds of ancient India, and choral music to create a high energy for you to step into - the higher the energy, the easier it is to release old, lower vibration energies and let out your truth - your music, your message, your gift to the world. Assuming we meet the kickstarter goal, we want to be able to share this with everyone who cannot attend in person. But there are a lot of different ways in which music can be offered, so here's the intention for the music of the night:The intention of this concert is three-fold:1. Beauty - Beauty is a high vibration energy, and we'll be using music to create as much beauty as we can with our bodies and years of training!2. A cross-cultural, cross-socioeconomic offering - this is about creating a space where people from all walks of life feel invited to come join, as well as providing a mix of culture throughout the evening on stage and off3. Create an environment where all in attendance feel uplifted and inspired to follow their hearts, wherever they lead. In other words, help you let out your music - literal or figurative. Who else is involved? Antigua, Guatemala, me in one of my more divalicious moments, and where the concert will be held: the ruins of Las Capuchinas So, I am the headlining performer - I'm a soprano with a classical training and a propensity for singing songs that I'm most often told are "angelic." You can expect to hear classical aria favorites, like "Ave Maria" set over Bach, and haunting Rachmaninoff, as well as beautiful seasonal Christamas music. The format is one of a classical recital, but there are unique additions that make it more of an *experience* and less of a passive "sit and listen" kind of concert. I have the honor and privilege to be supported by a few other incredible artists: Classical pianist from Guatemala City A live-painting artist from Chimaltenango Two internationally renowned Indian classical instrumentalists - dilruba and taus musicians - from Canada and the United Kingdom Union Church Community Choir from Guatemala City A budding photographer from village called Tiactac - which only 5 years ago was still waterless - located in the remote highlands of Huehuetenango, near Mexico Children from Antigua - the voices of the future - will join me on stage half way through the program I will also be including a few local vendors to serve some typical Guatemalan treats throughout the program to keep this classical music evening totally real and connected. Having lived in Guatemala at various points in the last 6 years, I truly love the culture, so it's a priority to me to add touches to the evening so that from when you walk into the cathedral you feel at home and connected to your surroundings. How this project came to be The first time I "met" Guatemala, I served as a music teacher in the remote highlands near Mexico, in a remote town called San Mateo Ixtatan in Huehuetenango. That was back in 2006. I lived in Antigua, Guatemala for the first quarter of 2011 as I was finishing a book I was working on at the time. One day my boyfriend and I were waiting for a ride to a coffee plantation - something I had never done in all my time spent in the country. We waited on the corner of these ruins. In front of Las Capuchinas last year, where the concert will be held on December 18, 2012. The door was ajar because an event was being held there that evening. I gasped slightly. I thought to myself, “This would be perfect for a pre-end-of-2012 concert event!” I toyed with the idea and let it drop away. Early this year, while back in my home of Charlottesville, Virginia, this concert vision repeatedly arose in my mind. A pesky vision! I knew it would change everything, so I kind of avoided it at first. But I decided to honor it, even though it really would change...everything. Honestly, as exciting as the concert idea was, it also was rather daunting.But this place - the ruins of Las Capuchinas - spoke to me on a level that I could not ignore. I can't quite explain it. So I got a move on it and started figuring out how to offer you, the community of Antigua, and in essence, the world, this evening of music.Antigua is a wonderful destination – it’s cozy, it’s full of history and it’s heart-breakingly beautiful. There are wonderful people there. It has taken me in on more than one weary road adventure, and its cobblestone streets have nurtured my soul, right along with the coconut water and fresh mangoes from the market. It’s easy to get to for visitors (less than an hour outside of Guatemala City airport) and so that makes the logistics of holding a concert of international attendance very easy.Why Guatemala?Well, for one, Guatemala captured my heart 6 years ago and has so far refused to give it back. It's just so alive and full of warmth, color and a connectedness to the Earth that is irrepressible. Also, if you haven't already noticed, there has been quite the buzz in the last few years about how the calendars laid by the ancient Mayans are coming to an end. I don't claim to be a Mayan calendar expert by any stretch of the means. I have certainly noticed among many groups of people that there's been an interest in the topic that's spreading like wildfire. My soundbite understanding of the Mayan calendar phenomena is that, basically, this is an incredibly exciting time to be alive. And that this is, truly, the best time in history to create the lives we truly desire and to be whom we truly, at the bottom of our souls, desire to be.I decided to that a concert to the heart of it all was a REALLY COOL IDEA. Antigua, Guatemala softens your hard shell! Why "beauty" as a main intention?When I first moved to Guatemala, a book leapt into my hands: "The Secrets of the Talking Jaguar" by Martin Prechtel. At some point in the book he wrote (and I paraphrase) "The Gods were jealous of humans, for humans had thumbs, and with thumbs we could create beauty." He has written since then:"The unique beauty that we humans have to give comes either from our opposable thumbs or the complexity of our voices sung with speech intended as a gift." As a singer, I LOVE this. Where YOU come in. SO MUCH HAS BEEN DONE! Once I was knee deep, I realized just how much of an investment a free concert is - not just with time, but with money. I've invested a significant portion of my own money in production costs and technical support. I could just leave it as is, but that would mean that ends and corners would have to be cut.I need your help to get this event to the next level, especially for the production aspect of this otherwise free gift to the community.Here's what your donation will help support Lighting for the stage Audio recording Professional film crew with adequate equipment so that this event can be shared with you and the world Recording studio mastering Nominal stipends for supporting artists Travel fees for children and others involved in the actual performance Getting the word out through better publicity online and in Guatemala You see, so many of the pieces have been very supported. We're soooo close. I've had people offer to help me coordinate details, put me in touch with vendors, and of course, the City of Antigua has been awesome.And I'm so grateful to each and every person who has helped turn this seed into a reality. I really believe that this event is supported even on a bigger scale - that there are people all over the world who are interested in the subject of 2012, in beauty, in music, and in the human potential.With your help I know we can get there! People have been asking me what this is going to be like and I keep telling them, "It could be like a PBS special!" you know, the kind that makes you cry and feel grateful for art and being alive. Your support will help grow a seed beyond a seedling. Why should you believe in my concert? Wouldn't it be a cool world if we all - metaphorically speaking - got in the water of our own dreams? I think it's really easy to create busywork, illusions of progress, illusions of power. It's really different to stand in the truth about who you are. There is a power to doing so that has the potential to change the face of this world. It feels vulnerable at first, but in reality, the strength and power contained in authenticity and vulnerability is...unparalleled.Imagine what this world would look like if - every single person - for the next 10 minutes, expressed and lived from their deepest truths. It would look totally different!The more people who express themselves - as opposed to keeping their truth and visions locked away inside of themselves - the more we will find the solutions to tomorrow's problems being solved. It's not always easy to step up and shake off who we once knew ourselves to be in order to be who our heart is calling for us to be. My intention is that by serving through my own music and expression that it is easier for you to do so, as well.It's simple, sophisticated vision and not overly complicated. I hope this simplicity of vision speaks to you in the same way it does to me....and we hope you're as excited to support it and spread the word as we are! New to Kickstarter? How does this all work?! Kickstarter is a giant (the world’s largest) funding platform for creative projects. Hundreds of thousands of people a year give millions of dollars to creative projects from creative people all over the world.People who support a project are called "backers." Giving money to my concert is called a "pledge." For your pledge, we offer "rewards," depending on the amount of the pledge. For instance, for a pledge of $25 you'll receive a digital download of both the audio and the DVD of the performance. You can pledge anything from $1 to $10,000 and choose a reward from that level or any level below it. And, if you're longing for something specific that you don't see listed on the rewards, I'll even help you customize your reward. You can see all the rewards on the right side of the page. If you have questions about them that aren’t answered in our FAQS section, shoot me an email and I’ll get back to you.If you are wanting to participate in my project as much as I am wanting to have you, here’s what you do: It’s as simple as One, Two, Three 1. Find a pledge (and reward) level you like (from the right side bar). 2. Hit the Green “Back This Project” button. 3. Enter pledge amount and fill in your information. The whole thing takes just a few seconds. For more information on our rewards CLICK HEREThat’s all there is to it. You are part of our concert and we are all forever grateful! By the way, your pledge isn’t actually processed until my campaign is 100% successful. It’s all or nothing but with your help I know we can rock this thing! Want to help us even more? Share our page with your friends, family, neighbors, co-workers and complete strangers! Facebook. Everyone loves Facebook. “Sharing” our video (with your own note) is even better than “liking” it, but both are great! You can paste the URL straight onto your page! Twitter. Tweet out the video - there’s a button right under the video. Email. Write a note to the people you know who might love the message of this film. I so appreciate it and this personal touch makes all the difference.Talk about it. A lot of people don’t know what Kickstarter is and you can be the first to introduce them! I'd love for my project to inspire another musician to say 'yes' to her dream.But whatever you do, I cannot thank you enough! FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Can you pledge outside the U.S.? Absolutely. Orders are processed through Amazon. Can I change levels after I pledge? SURE YOU CAN, you can always increase your pledge.Can I give this as a gift? Definitely! Once the campaign is over, we’ll confirm shipping addresses and other details. At that time, you can give us the information about the lucky friend. What happens if we don't reach our goal? I weep softly to myself. There will still be a concert, but nobody will get to see it other than the people who are actually in attendance, no recordings, and not as many people will know about it. You aren't charged and we don't receive any of the funds. But don’t worry, that’s not going to happen.What happens if we go over the goal? I get to cover some of the costs that I've incurred already but HAVE NOT asked for your help on, and I'll get to make even better music next year!How is my pledge processed and charged? Your pledge will be processed by Amazon once the campaign is successful. It's totally safe and secure. Thank you again for all of your support!! It means to world to me, and to ALL of us!! Risks and challenges There's the risk that the video crew I contract may be delayed, depending on their January schedule. Because I do not yet have the funds in place, I have not yet confirmed a film crew. There are the risks that I'll contract a film crew in Guatemala and communicating remotely may be challenging once I'm back here. That could delay fulfillment. It's also possible that I will discover a new side to my perfectionist-soprano personality that may slow the editing process. It's been known to happen, and I do try my best to let go. If I slow down the crew with my artistic commentary, it's possible that fulfillment of the DVD and digital download of the event could be delayed. It's possible that I walk away with an imperfect audio recording. Such is the nature of coordinating an event where you do not know the vendors personally - howEVER, I am using trusted referrals to get to my sources and I'm heading to Guatemala on Decmeber 5th work out final details and do as much quality control as I can. There will be some perfect imperfections to it, because Las Capuchinas is situated on a rather busy street. Just adds a real touch to it all. There's the risk that for some reason it costs an absurd amount to ship you your rewards package and it'll be delayed. I've budgeted to the best of my ability here while also trying to make it as fair and easy for you, but if it costs $50 to ship you something far, far away from the United States that I thought would cost $25, then there may be a slight delay as I make my numbers work on my end. It's possible that shipping time will take longer than I thought, and it's possible that sending your rewards packages will literally be a pizza party night (or few!) in my living room, so I'll be doing my best to deliver to you on time with a little help from my friends and assistant. AGAIN, THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT!!! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter