"We operate, not on the lies we tell - but the truths we choose not to..."An ex-military covert ops agent returns to the field to help retrieve an unknown package for a government agency. Not everything goes as planned...HI EVERYONE!!! First off - thanks so much for even LOOKING at our page. We know that there are so many talented artists and creative people out there making their dreams come to life and we genuinely appreciate the fact that you took the time to at least glimpse at our passion project. This project has been 2 years in the making for me. I came about this project when I asked myself. "how can people maintain lives based on lies and what do those choices cost...?" - plus, I wanted to make an action film!Throughout the process, I had friends and colleagues affirm my feelings that this was a film that would be fun to tell and meet a lot of people where they were at... minus the killing, of course. My good friend Chris quickly offered his services to bring the storyboarding to life... and it was GOOD. As soon as the first few 'boards were completed we knew we had something great on our hands. I've been truly blessed with some wonderfully dedicated people ready to help bring this little film to life - from cast to crew, grip to director of photography, lead to walk-on - they want to make this happen and I couldn't have even gotten as far as I have now without them. As the script came together, and the casting and pre-production began, we realized we were going to come up short when it came to affording some precious materials that, as my DP Peter has told me, "separate seemingly professional projects from the ones you do in your backyard when you're 17 with your dad's camera." (he can be very honest like that).Hence... our Kickstarter!OUR NEEDS: LOCATION- as with any story - location helps to tell the story as much as the words and actors. In order to access some locations for shooting, we'll need to rent out these spaces to ensure nothing interferes with film and crosses the 'fourth wall'. PROPS- including costumes, prop guns, vehicle rentals and background & foreground decor. EQUIPMENT- a camera jib for intricate overhead motion shots- Steadicam rig for steady and well-formed scenes that move from dialogue exchange to complex and choreographed action sequencesSOFTWARE- Final Cut Pro X for Mac to achieve the seamless scene transitions and cuts that make so many great films tell a story well and help it make sense!- PLUS the time and software to add subtle visual effects to some scenes to complete that sense of realism.OUR GOAL: To raise the money needed to get our film off the ground and into the production process, and move into the editing chapter quickly and do it right!WHAT YOU GET :From your own copy of our completed film to copies of the script, invitations to the premiere, to even a walk-on, SPEAKING role - We'll make backing our project worth your wonderfully kind and generous donation! Risks and challenges What person HASN'T heard of the setbacks, money problems, and straight-up DISASTERS that occur in making a film?! From bad weather conditions, permits, drop-outs, damaged equipment during filming, to personal injuries to the cast and/or crew - ANYTHING COULD HAPPEN!!! We've worked hard to have at least one back-up plan for these types of problems and have dedicated ourselves to completing this project - no matter the costs that may have to be addressed. The last thing we would want to do is tarnish the relationship we create with you, our backers, by not following through with our promise to use your money properly to complete this project within the time we've set. We won't let you down! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter