I've started this radio web show last year in November and i did radio shows every day since that month when i started!This radio show can be found on the website where i record it all which is Spreaker! Now this company does not give any benefits to the broadcasters meaning i don't earn any money but i spend a lot of money on buying music and spend hours of my time trying to get the show together!But i need your help really badly! I currently do shows on my iPad which hasn't got much memory on meaning i cant store many songs on! If i raise the goal i will be investingthe money wisely meaning i will be buying a computer with massive space of storage to store almost any song so that it meets any persons needs of music style! But i will also be buying microphones because all i'm using is headphones from a iPhone that i pay monthly for and having correct microphone allows people to hear me! Over the period of 4 months i have spent nearly £300 of my own money on music and i know i wont get this money back, I've contacted apple iTunes to see if they can do anything but they said no!My show supports loads of peoples songs recently i had a submission right from Italy a band called Dealers and they give me their songs to be played on the show and that's what this radio is all about making people noticed and having fun! The money that's raised will allow us to contact celebrities and getting them to chat with us and your help is included too! You will be asking them questions not me! Our radio can get so big that everyone wants to be on it and I need few people who will join and work with me to make this radio show go 24 hours 7 days a week! This means that we will have to buy a small room or studio so that the poeple I employ can come in and joy working!If i raise this money i will be raising some of my own money so i can buy a studio which pop stars can come have a relaxed talk ect. getting our hands on celebrity gossip before anyone else!So please help me! Risks and challenges Risk can be that we wont have any listeners! But don't worry we have plenty of listeners! Right now we have 1,600 listeners and growing everyday! If you want to be one of the listeners click on the link here! http://www.spreaker.com/user/7867915 Learn about accountability on Kickstarter