Atrophy A Passion was Born:My passion with photography started in 2010 when I bought my husband a professional camera for his birthday. He loves Oklahoma history, so we would travel to Oklahoma Ghost towns and take photos of the buildings, bridges, and anything else that caught our eye! It was in these places where I felt inspired to reveal my inner self, my fears, and deepest feelings. Havoc Shut Out A Broken Girl: In 2006, at the early age of 21, I was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis. It all started when I went to my first OU football game. While walking to my car, I started to drag my left foot. I had no idea what was happening. When I woke up the next morning my lips and fingers were numb. I decided to go to the ER and they ran a plethora of tests on me. After reviewing my scans, they saw multiple lesions on my brain and referred me to a neurologist. An MRI showed that I had MS. I still vividly remember that morning when I heard the news. My mother went with me to the appointment and afterwards we just held each other crying in the parking lot. Before this happened, I had just started my first semester at OU and moved into an apartment by myself. I was so proud of myself; I felt like I was being independent and taking charge of my life for once! Then this happened. At first I was in denial, but when I had to be admitted into the hospital for 5 days due to a severe flare up, I realized that all my hopes and dreams that I had for my life, had vanished. I could never be a fun, carefree 21 year old again. That young, naïve girl died that morning in the parking lot crying on her mom's shoulder. I have been forever changed; though I try not to let it affect how I view the world around me, it permeates everything I do. Vanished Reason for GalleryI want to offer a source of empowerment and inspiration to people who suffer from a lifelong disease; to anyone who has had high hopes of their future and thought they had the world at their fingertips, only to be told their life would be forever changed.I want to help inspire them and show them that even though their life may not be what they envisioned, that they can still do extraordinary things. Another main reason for desiring a gallery: my beautiful and sweet daughter. I want to show her that you can do anything you put your mind to. I am not going to lie, my MS has significantly affected and altered my life course. I once had large aspirations but after my diagnosis, I fell into a dark abyss of depression. I want to show my daughter that even though you may have struggles in life, to not let it get you down. To stay focused on your desires, and continue to achieve your goals. Incessant Pledges Go Towards: I will use your pledges to help me put a down payment on a building where my gallery will be located! The building will be located in the very large historical downtown of Guthrie, OK. There will be a lot of foot traffic seeing my art and hopefully inspiring others to follow their dreams, even if they don’t think it is possible with the hand they have been dealt. Exposed * Please visit my website at www.adp.gallery to see more of my work! Risks and challenges The challenges of this project would be obtaining the actual building. The specific building we want, may no longer be available to purchase at the time we receive the pledges and the funding from the bank. If this happens, we will continue to search for the perfect location and building. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter