Faith is an application which determines to solve the issue of direct communication between worship houses and parishioners and assists parishioners to be able to make instant donations and organizes the invoices between the worship house and parishioners constantly. Also, it adds the events to the personal calendar.Problems that parishioners face connecting to their worship house, not knowing an event happening in the worship house forgetting a certain event forgetting to contribute an event not knowing sister worship houses events too many emails and important messages get lost. Direct messaging allows faster and simpler communication Keeping track of personal donations. keeping track of past worship house events if you are on a trip, not knowing where the worship house is to worship. Faith offers very simple solutions With Faith, you will always have the event’s details in your reach, With Faith, you can store the event in your calendar and your calendar will remind you the event. With Faith, you can send donation towards the event to your worship house with push of a button. With Faith, you can see the other sister houses events and arrange yourself accordingly. With Faith, you can see the worship houses close to your location and their events. With Faith, you will receive push notifications about the worship house events. With Faith, you can track how much and when did you make donations. With Faith, you can see the archives of events that have passed. How does it work?1- User will register and choose worship houses to follow by name, address, religious group or a specific number which is given to each worship house by us.2- User will have an opening page to review the events that is happening in their worship houses which they follow. This is what users see when they turn on the app 3-When user clicks on on of the event, they will have review more details of the event and it will look like below. Detailed event info 4- This function will give us 2 options To add the event to our calender Make a donation towards the event 5- User can make donations or add the events to the calendar. These are the main functionsSides usage of the app1- If you are traveling; With location button, Faith will help you to find the worship house that fits your believe instantly2- It will allow you to organize your donation's invoices.3- It will allow you to see the future events of your and your sister worship house's events and It will prevent scheduling conflicts. App also will have a side for worship houses to use.Worship houses registration MUST be verified by the adminApp will have same look and features as its parishioner side. Only major difference will be that worship houses won't be able to make donations towards events and they will have a button to create events. This is what the page will look like; Worship house view And it will give you an option to create an event and publish. Worship house create & publish an event This is Faith now we are asking kickstarters to have Faith on us to create this event successfully. Risks and challenges We are currently been agreed to be used in over 60 churches through NY and NJ and this is our beginning stages. Risk is the worship houses not catching up with the service. Until now, anybody we spoke to, gave us positive feedback as long as we have a fully functional app. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter