My goal is to take the same energy of the FUGUOSSS album I have uploaded to https://fuguosss.bandcamp.com and write and record new songs but with a much higher production value. Basically, I need an audio interface with much lower latency than what I currently have to be as musically expressive as I would like to be. Lower latency means that I can hear what I am doing better when I play virtual instruments. It makes a massive difference, allowing me to increase my production value while avoiding quantizing the timing on much of my playing completely, which is vital for the wild FUGUOSSS sound.A lot of the songs I have uploaded to Bandcamp have been around for awhile. Go on and take a look at this ancient but hilarious video I have uploaded featuring one of the songs! Since then, I have done sound work on a game that will be released onto Steam (The Final Specimen) and played all around NYC and Boston in several all improvisation bands (Clutter, The Erl Sessions, and HHOOGG). A chance to return to the zany style of FUGUOSSS with the full force of my current musical skills would be wonderful.I write, record, mix, and master everything myself. My gear now is much better than it was. I used to record everything in Garageband on a Mac literally just using the laptop's keyboard (typing keyboard) and the built in microphone. Now, I actually have a real DAW, a dedicated MIDI keyboard, monitoring speakers, and microphones. Anyway, I would love to share my madness with the world. I am asking for just enough in funds to cover my time and the cost of a low latency audio interface as well as a few miscellaneous things, such as the commissioning of album art from DeviantArt. Risks and challenges I am very confident that new album project will be completed on time, even if I hit some snags. In fact, I actually enjoy adapting to what life throws at me. If it comes down to it, I will just record all of my percussion tracks with a bag full of silverware and some pots and pans. Much of my creative experience has been with improvisation. Accordingly, I hardly ever suffer from writer's block. Playing two hour long gigs at places like the Middle East where I have to invent all of the music on the spot with a band has really taught me how to relax and let the inspiration happen. Recently, I've been on a creative rampage. I just had the major creative breakthrough of getting my game onto Steam after investing quite a bit of time. You can see the time and energy invested for yourself in my small but sturdy team's Twitter account over at @tfsgame. For this upcoming album, I will be handling everything myself, so I will be able to channel my insane energy directly into the sound without any impedance. I definitely believe in being in the zone, and I have lately been feeling just very exactly right. Although, there is nothing wrong with asking for a little help, so if I do end up needing some, I will commission it. For example, take a look at the work I had done for my upcoming ebook: https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/705580639639232512/W2P0Z_pR.jpg. The only challenge I can only see truly interfering with this project is if my computer blows up. My computer is in very good condition, though, and if that did happen, I would get around it by buying a new computer. I even know how to build a computer, so I could manage that at a fair price. If my dog joins a death cult and decides to sabotage me, though, there is nothing I can do about that. Outside of such foreign circumstances, I will crush this thing. You have my word. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter