What's up Kickstarter?My name is Jesse and I am an artist and illustrator. I spend most of my time at work drawing little pictures of things in exchange for small green strips of paper and round metal discs. When it is all said and done at the end of the month I have to give most of those green strips to other people, and I am left with very little.In an effort to increase my collection of green strips I have decided to combine my work with my play. How can I combine these two things? I'm GLAD YOU ASKED. You see...I am a classic gaming nerd. Over the years I have played and enjoyed many different video game consoles. Every now and then one of them will die and I will be forced to buy a new one. For some reason I always end up keeping the controllers. I now have a box of controllers from old 80's and 90's era video game consoles and I had been racking my brain trying to figure out what to do with them when suddenly it hit me... You remember the old school PADDLE from Atari? I decided to draw each one of them.Over the course of the next month, during my lunch break I would find a picture online of one of the controllers like I own and I would illustrate it. During that month I lost 5 pounds of weight and ended up with almost 30 individual drawings. My boss saw the pictures and said "You should make a poster with all of those on it." So, yeah... There you go. That's a great idea, and I am turning to you guys to help me make it into a reality. The Classic NES Controller Posters!These will be screen printed onto super nice paper from the "French Paper Co.". I chose to go with their "Black Licorice" color, and this will be either a 4 or 5 color print - I haven't fully decided yet. Each poster will be signed and numbered by me. Each poster measures 18" wide and 24" tall, so it is pretty big. These are 100% made in the USA by hard working men and women and totally designed by a struggling artist who is desperate to gain back some of the weight he lost during the last month. Here's the full poster - there may be some slight tweaks later. What will the money be spent on?Well, paper, for starters. The paper I am using is not cheap, so it's going to eat up quite a bit of the initial cost. Also, I am a fan of the "Go Big or Go Home" philosophy, which is why I'm making this 18"x24" - that's larger than what I typically make, so there's a good bit of cost involved in that, too. Then you have ink costs, misprints, etc. I'm not trying to get rich off this, so I kept the amount needed as low as possible. LAST MINUTE REWARD ADDITION + Stretch Goal!I've gotten so many requests from people for me to make a t-shirt version of this poster that I felt obligated. Here ya go, folks! $3,500 STRETCH GOAL!If this reaches $3,500 I will send a special gift to *everyone* who has pledged at the $14 level or higher... A 14" tall digital version of the poster printed on high quality vinyl sticker paper with DIE CUT controllers which you can remove and place wherever you want!So there you have it, Kickstarters - If you are a classic gaming nerd then just click that donate button and get lets see this poster come to life! Risks and challenges There really aren't many risks involved, besides maybe the odd delay due to supplies not getting delivered on time or some such - With over a decade of screen printing experience under my belt, a ton of time on my hands, and a very supportive circle of friends who are more than willing to help me get the job done, there isn't much that can get in the way. If, however, something does go wrong, my boss has offered to step up and send a crew from his print shop to help me get the job done. He's cool like that. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter