What is this project all about? Via my project Place of Lines: London I want to show the extraordinary architectural bits of London that people might not see while visiting the popular spots. The second choices of the tourists, the different viewpoints of the popular bits of the City, the edges, lines and curves - one photography project. The aim of the project is to show the many unseen faces and angles of the city that might otherwise not appear in any tourist guide or google search. It will be all documented in a timeless format: the 35mm film, digitally scanned with minimal or no post processing.The photo collection will be carried out by me and my partner, Matthew Richards, who loves street photography with all of his heart and who also introduced this medium of photography to me. What is going to be the outcome?I am hoping to finish the project by the end of summer of 2015 (to allow myself enough time to capture the period in the photos). After the end of the project process, I will deliver a digital version of the book and a tangible hard cover photo-book will be available too. It should contain about 20 pages of photos with simple location descriptions, nothing more.How the funding is going to be spent: I have a skeleton of where the asked budget is going to be spent. 35% - going towards the buying of the 35mm film 25% - development of the film (the scanning will be done by me with a semi-pro scanner I have recently purchased) 15% - purchase of a new fixed prime lens (50mm 1.4)12% - set aside for travel within the 6 zones of the City of London (this is a rounded up equivalent of a 1 month's travelcard) 3% - fueling up - food on the go for when I can't provide my own 3% - to cover any unexpected happenings 2% - mock up of the book5% - kickstarter fee upon successful funding What about the photobook?I will be printing a professional photobook from a popular self-publishing online site. It will come in 7 x 7 inches square format and is planned to have about 20 pages. The printing price per book is going to be approximately £25 and I will probably will not be making any profit on it, as I intent to sell it for £30 + P&P.Any extra money raised will go towards carefully planned marketing of this project and the photobook, plus the listing on Amazon. Any other questions? Please message me any other questions you might have about this project, I will be more than happy to chat about it! Thank you! Risks and challenges I am determined to work on this project on all the free available time and improve my time management skills. If I am in need for any more funding, I will be covering all the extra expenses myself. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter