Website | Greenlight | Twitter | Facebook Download the visual novel prologue—Culina: The Spirit of Cooking: PC, Mac, Linux, OUYA Current version of creating a recipe Culina is a visual novel/strategy game where you step into the shoes of a culinary school graduate who dreams of opening up his own restaurant. Due to his family’s trust in him, he gets to embark on that endeavor. However, he will have to prove that he can create a successful business and pay his parents back in time so he doesn't have to move back home. Features Build the restaurant of your dreams by customizing it the way you want Decide who you want to be: Become a better cook, develop bonds with the people you meet, or perhaps kindle a romance Purchase ingredients from different vendors, each with their own separate perks Craft recipes with purchased ingredients to draw in more customers Buying ingredients at one of the stores Players will interpret information, keep records, determine prices, and plan marketing strategies based on that data. By gathering information from a variety of sources, players can make purchasing and pricing decisions. Then players will be able to see the fruits of their labors and see if their plans are profitable. Traveling around town As you can see from the video, a lot of work has already been done on the game, and it is progressing nicely. Most of the gameplay features are already implemented, and a good chunk of the story is written. Now we are going to take the game to the next level. Hanging out with Claire at the park with her dog We are planning on having more art commissioned. Spending time with characters in the game brings you closer to them, and in key points during the story line we would like different CGs to be created to show the importance of those scenes and as a reward for completing them. In addition, our programmer will be working to add details to make the environments in the game more alive than other games in the genre with things like animations and a versatile particle system An example CG with one of the new characters introduced in Hands in the Kitchen We’ll also be adding in additional gameplay features based on playtesting with you the audience to help make Culina the game you want it to be! We are also plan to write additional scenes to better immerse the player in the world. Funds raised using our Kickstarter will firstly be used to fund the art that we need in order to get the game completed. In addition, to give our game the ability to move to multiple platforms that our current engine doesn't support, we are porting the game to Unity. This will also allow us to add more gameplay options that would be difficult with our current engine. A part of the funds will also be used to create promotional materials for the game, as well as general polish to make the game as great as we can before release. If we are able reach above $10,000, we have some exciting stretch goals as well. We are aiming to raise enough funds to be eligible for the OUYA "Free the Games Fund." If we reach our Kickstarter goal, OUYA's generous contribution will greatly benefit our games development. OUYA requires we include the following: “Double Our Fun(ds)! We're participating in OUYA's #FreeTheGames Fund, created by OUYA to support developers making new and creative console games. OUYA will match your pledge dollar-for-dollar up to your goal amount (and a max of $250,000), so help us get there and make a great game for everyone! To be eligible for this match, we commit that this game will be an OUYA exclusive for a period of time. To learn more about OUYA, go to www.OUYA.tv.” The game will launch on OUYA, PC, Linux, and Mac simultaneously. The reward tiers above $12 include DRM-free versions of the game for Windows, Mac, and Linux (distributed through the Humble Store) in addition to OUYA vouchers. Those tiers will also include Steam keys as well if the game is accepted (please help by voting for us on greenlight). If you think you know someone who would be interested in the project, please let them know about the page. We have a like button underneath our video, and word of mouth is the best possible way that we can get exposure for this project. We have some great incentives for the pledges, so check them out and share them with your friends! Shipping and handling is $10 for the US or free to those who pledge for one of the tiers above $75 *The design is subject to change *The design is subject to change *The shirts are also available in fitted women's sizes. The design is still subject to change The TeamJohn Doran—Programming/Design/Story Concept:John Doran is a technical game designer who has been creating games for over 10 years. He has worked on an assortment of games in teams from just himself to over 70 in student, mod, and professional projects.He previously worked at LucasArts on Star Wars 1313 as the only junior designer on the team. He is the author of Getting Started with UDK and Mastering UDK Game Development, as well as the coauthor ofUDK iOS Game Development Beginner's Guide, all available from Packt Publishing.http://johnpdoran.comChris Doran—Story Concept/MusicianChris enjoys life everyday and is passionate about playing music and his family. He tries to leave people better than when he found them. He has worked on several game projects previously, including Lunaris and several unannounced titles. He received a degree in music at the University of Evansville and is currently studying to get his Doctorate of Jurisprudence at Ohio Northern University.Andrew Riley—MusicianAndrew is a composer and audio engineer who specializes in video game audio. He has composed over 70 titles, including the #1 selling iPhone game CraftedBattle and the Swedish Game Awards "Game of the Year" winner Secrets of Grindeaarchia—Character Artarchia is a 22 year-old student living in New Zealand. They draw art, write weird fanfic, and do webcomic stuff.http://archiaart.tumblr.com/Pam Isleta—CGshttp://moirgane.deviantart.com/Andrea Chavez (Ezri)—CGs/Additional ArtworkAndrea is a freelance artist who gives her all in everything she does. Games are a large part of her life and she hopes to keep working on them for a long time. She has been drawing her entire life and studied graphic design at Middle Tennessee State University.http://abygonesummerday.tumblr.com/Auro-Cyanide—Background ArtworkAuro-Cyanide is a 23-year-old full time graphic designer who does art for indie games on the side. They live in Australia and their general tools of the trade are a Mac, a Wacom Intous 3 and Photoshop CS5.http://auro-cyanide.deviantart.com/A part of Cyanide Tea http://cyanide-tea.net/Rachael Morris (aka ehcs or Adyrn)—GUI/Additional ArtworkRacheal loves to draw and play video games. She is also severely addicted to sweets. The only thing she'd pick over chocolates is cats. http://ehcs.tumblr.com/Miyuki Hata—Writer Miyuki is a freelance writer who has worked with several studios on multiple VNs doing writing and editing. She also writes game reviews and currently is a contributor to Indie Love.https://twitter.com/riceforbrunchSerenity Frost—Writer Serenity is a writer and has worked on several Visual Novels including Happy Backwards and Queen at Arms. http://serenityfrost.tumblr.com/ Risks and challenges There’s no doubt that game development is a large amount of work, and often the last 10% of a project takes up 50% of the development time, but as you can already see we have a fair bit of the work done already. The funding goal we’ve set is higher than some other similar titles, but the money is being well spent in this regard in making the project look and play the best that it can possibly be. As it stands, we could release the game with minimal changes as it currently is, but iteration and playtesting are what makes a good game great and that’s what we’re looking to achieve. If we are porting the project to Unity, there are a number of technical hurdles to overcome, but our programmer is extremely familiar with the game engine and already has a working prototype that can be built when we reach our goal. Culina has been in production on for a number of years already and it’s already 90% complete, so there’s no way that it won’t be released; it’s just a matter of how much polish can be put into the final product. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter