In case you don't know who David is, he's known mostly for his appearances on Tim & Eric Awesome Show Great Job! and his public access show, The Junior Christian Teaching Bible Lesson Program. Some of his popular songs include "Salame", "Father & Son", "Puberty" and "Marcama". He's communicated with aliens and has a large collection of puppets. He also loves trains.With this album David is talking about important issues that the public needs to know about like the benefits of exercise and eating vegetables. Also there will be songs about The Pickle Man and Mr. Moose (the orange ghosts that tickled David and his sisters in their sleep as children), teleportation, James Quall being on crack, David's love for nature, David's thoughts about rap music, and a few songs revolving around David's long-lasting quest to find a girlfriend.The music on this album is very futuristic and electronic, using advanced technology from the 80's, because that's what the kids like these days. It's made by Jonah Mociun (also known as Th' Mole) and it's great. Jonah is working very hard to make David sound better than ever before. You can take a listen to some snippets of drafts below and decide what you think for yourself:https://soundcloud.com/whateveryourheartdesires/david-liebe-hart-teleportation-through-space-previewhttps://soundcloud.com/whateveryourheartdesires/liebehart-you-dont-love-me-draft/s-3oHuLWe need money to pay for Jonah's gas expenses since he has to drive 10 hours to visit David for recording and rehearsing for live shows (coming soon to a town near you!). The extra money will go towards the gifts that you will receive, and if there's more after that it will go towards David's bills (because he is broke from paying for his parents' funerals and other things). (Jonah is also poor because he spends most of his time working on independent music projects and volunteering for foster children.) If we get a whole lot of money it will go towards filming a top secret TV show pilot starring David and directed by Jonah which we are very excited about. Risks and challenges Once the album is complete (it's almost complete now), we'll send it around to a bunch of record labels and hopefully get a nice deal so we can spread the positive messages and glorious sounds to the furthest reaches of the globe, tour all over the place, make cool music videos, and all that. But even if we don't get a record deal we'll still release the album by ourselves and it will be great. We really appreciate any support. Thank you very much. Salamé!!! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter