Yeah, it finally happened. The first REAL smart pet collar. Sometimes our schedules are unpredictable and our days at work can last longer than we’d like. With a Halo collar, you can check on your furry family member from anywhere at anytime! Halo Collar introduces the world’s first and only groundbreaking technological hybrid – a pet collar with a built-in live view HD camera, two-way audio and GPS tracking. For the first time ever, pet owners can now take a look into their pet’s everyday experiences and live-stream it from anywhere at any time. They can not only see and hear from their pet’s perspective, but can even verbally communicate with them as well. Our pets might not be able to talk back, but they’re listening! Novel Features – What can you do with a Halo Collar. All models include a built-in live-view HD camera, two-way audio, and bark notifications. Live-streaming of your pet’s activity and the environment can take place via Wi-Fi networks. What if you can’t connect to a WiFi network? Our Lunar model allows connection with 3G and 4G LTE. With these premium collars, you will also be able to GPS track your pet’s movements throughout the day. We have different collars to meet your specific needs. The “Fun” in Functional Before Halo Collar, a “functional” pet collar was a collar that secured your pet properly, was durable enough, and comfortable for your pet to wear. These were the selling points for a “good” pet collar. Now, imagine if we could tap into the all of the smart technology that is currently at our disposal and we create a collar that is not only durable, comfortable and secures, but redefines what “functional” is. That is exactly what Halo Collar did. Our collars consider the ability to connect and communicate with your pet as a standard of functionality. With these devices, you can do more than just secure. You can have fun! We grew up watching movies like Toy Story and the Brave Little Toaster where a whole separate world existed when we left the room. The new UNIVERSAL™ movie “The Secret Life of Pets” is a story about how that world is taking place from the perspective of our pets. As pet lovers, we figure there should be a way for you to take a glimpse into their world. From anywhere in the world at any time, you can see what your pet is up to, speak to them, play with them, and give them affection. For the first time ever, a pet collar has been designed to satisfy both pet and and pet owner needs. Yes, these collars are durable and ensure pet safety with tracking and monitoring capability. Yes, they are comfortable. But what about when you’re at work and you’re missing that loveable face, now you can also have continued connection. With these collar, you never again have to put your quality time with your pet on paws…WE mean pause! How does it work? - behind the science Our products utilize a very specialized, blended technology that industry leaders like Spie Surveillance and Lunar GPS have perfected. With this integration, we were able to create the first “smart” collar in which like an iPhone, you can Facetime your pet, track their whereabouts and get notifications the moment they leave the house! Murphy’s Law- if it can go wrong, it will. Life doesn’t care if you just finished paying off that new dining room set or if you are running late. There is always that full cup of water nearby, ready to tip over on your electronics and you’ll never have your charger when you need it. Things happen. As animal lovers and pet owners ourselves, our team knows to expect the unexpected. So, for your peace of mind, we have made our collars water-proof. We know that many of our pets like to spend at least some time outside. Whether it be due to rainy weather or having a pool nearby or even because our messier pets just love to get water everywhere when they drink from their bowl, these collars are designed to resist water damage. Also, we understand that sometimes we forget to charge our devices or we are out somewhere and we didn’t bring one with us. Well, you know those products that claim to have a battery life that lasts for days but then when you use it – surprise- it doesn’t work? Yeah, we hate that too. So Lunar recognized this problem and solved it. With an extended battery power, our collars outperform our competitors by three times the battery life to be exact! But who’s counting? Convenience Matters. No complicated installation. No messy instructions. Just convenient remote access with your mobile device or desktop. A Halo Collar is meant to be so easy your dog can use it. Literally. Why use a Halo Collar? According to the National Council on Pet Population, statistics show that a family pet is lost every two seconds with over 10 million pets lost each year. Even scarier, one of out three pets will become lost at some point during its life, of which only one in ten pets will be found. Between keeping up with our kids, our jobs, our relationships, our friends, we have a lot on our plate. Sometimes we are easily distracted and we leave the door open. And, just like that, our pet is gone. Halo Collar is dedicated to your peace of mind and to make sure you have one less thing to worry about. Our Lunar model includes an advanced GPS tracking feature with incredible proven accuracy. You will be able to know exactly where your pet is at all times. Combined with the camera and advanced communication settings, these collars take GPS technology to new heights. It’s one thing to have a dot on a screen – it’s a different story to actually see where your pet is and what they are seeing. Our collars do more than protect. They track, they monitor, and they intercept all of the little unpredictable events that can happen during your pet’s day. With these unique devices, you now can have a play-by-play of their every experience. You can see what they see, hear what they hear, give them verbal commands and praises. You never have to wonder where they are or what they are doing. You never have to miss a moment. Where the money will go… As of now, we have a fully-functioning prototype. But we want to maximize its potential with a highly aesthetic and streamline design. We also want to improve the application’s graphic user interface, as well as further develop the software and give the collars additional features. As you can already imagine, finalizing our product and mass producing it will be costly. We will need all the support we can get to fund this goal. Rewards – Join us in revolutionizing the way we connect with our pets. No matter the size of your contribution, we appreciate your support. To show this appreciation, you will not only receive a personalized email with our sincere love and thanks, but you will also receive a gift. About Us Before we are entrepreneurs, we are pet lovers. We love our animals and we know that many others know what it’s like to love their animals as much as family. A few years ago, I lost my dog. It took me a long time to recover from that loss. A few years later, another one of my dogs had run away. Luckily, the lost dog flyers I had posted were successful and I was able to find him. But it took a while; and during that time wondering if I would ever see him again, I feared the worst. After those experiences, I wanted to find a way to utilize the technology we already have available to us and make sure that no one had to experience a similar occurrence. That is when our company, Lunar, took a new direction and got into the dog collar GPS market. GPS tracking technology is not a new concept. Our computers and phones are capable of it. But we thought about different ways to not only make these collars useful in ensuring safety for our pets but in also making it fun to connect with them virtually! We installed a camera, microphone, and speaker to allow for live streaming their activity and being able to talk to them. To take this technology further, we collaborated with Spie to truly advance the quality of the camera and audio function. Through this partnership, we developed a revolutionary technological design that integrated achievements in both remote telecommunication and GPS tracking. Halo Collar may have started because of a tragic experience, but it ends with the one fact: that we love our animals. More than pets, they are our family. Because of that, we are dedicated to their safety, security, and well-being. But we also figure that there should be a way to have all of that AND a way to connect with them whenever we want. When passion, creativity, and knowledge combine, the game changes. Halo Collar and all of its unique features changed the pet product industry by acknowledging that when it comes to our pets, more is definitely more. Risks and challenges The Halo Collar isn't a product created in a garage. We are a serious start-up with the backing of two technology firms. We have a production ready working prototype which is only missing a streamlined design! It's safe to say that we've reduced many of the risks typical of a hardware startup! However, as with any newly manufactured product, it's possible for unexpected events to impact the actual production time frame. On the positive side of things we might deliver Halo Collar earlier than expected, but we can't rule out the possibility of some delay. Our commitment to all of you is that we will make every effort to deliver you an exceptional product, on time, and will communicate with you regularly along our journey of getting The Halo Collar and all other rewards delivered to you! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter