About CarlNot that he needs an introduction, but Carl is an eligible bachelor in the Atlanta area. Because of his overall awesomeness, we (his friends, followers, disciples, and worshipers), felt it necessary to dedicate as many websites as possible to Carl. According to legend, Carl descended from the heavens while angels sang songs of his praises. He was born of a virgin and was sent by God to please women. (Little known fact: Carl doesn’t poop. Instead, Carl digests his food and the waste leaves his body as sweat with a beautiful musk scent.) It is proper to address him as Carl The Great, His Amazingness, or SexyMan Beast. Carl works as a consultant to world leaders, is the lead researcher of Dark Matter at the UNV of Upper GA, a professor of business at Oxford, he writes a fashion column for GQ, and works full time saving Wales (Not the sea animal but the country that is part of the United Kingdom and an island of Great Britain, bordered by England to its east. It’s really a screwed up place). He also is a spiritual guru in an obscure Hindu cult known as “The Ultimate Consciousness” where beer is considered sacred and situational alcoholism is considered a path to Nirvana. His Amazingness, (holey be His pants, Amen), holds a B.A. in Theology, a M.A. in Medieval Art, a PHD in Particle Physics, Astrology, and two PHDs in Human Gastronomical Emissions. In his spare time, Carl (honor and pies to Him, Amen) enjoys studying the mating habits of the rare Blackenstock Penguin of Southern Chile. Below is a picture of him recreating the mating dance of the male Blackenstock Penguin. Carl Recreating the Dance of Penguins Carl was the first to learn this dance after spending five months dressed as a Blackenstock Penguin and living with them as one of their own. He learned their intricate language of chirps, ate with them, danced with them, slept with them, but was never able to score. Who are We? We, his humble followers, are set on a life mission to make humor websites dedicated to the dedication of Carl. Why? Because Carl is awesome, and I get bored at work sometimes. What is your plan? We intend to make as many websites as possible dedicated to the dedication of Carl The Great (blessed be his pants, Amen). We have already successfully launched DateCarl.info, a dating website for Carl The Cool One. It is filled with useless humorous items such as a dating application, a how to shave your private area instructional video, examples of Carl's failed dating website profiles and much much more! DateCarl.info was launched 10/24/14 and to date has over 5,500 page views, and 1,400 unique visitors. All of this success came at a high price. We incurred astronomical operating costs and are now $25.00 in debt. Yet, this has not stopped us. We still intend to launch a family of new Carl websites. Website ideas currently being considered are: Carl cooking and recipe site Carl's job search site Carl's car buying site Carl's news site Carl's infomercial site And MANY MORE!! "But what can I do to help?" You can help us spread the name of Carl His Amazingness (glory be on him like spilled maple syrup, Amen), to the ends of the Earth. For every $25 we raise we can create a new Carl website. We promise that each and every website will not only be completely unhelpful, but it will also be as funny as possible. Reward OfferedSorry, currently there aren't any rewards for turning in Carl, but we do have some nifty stuff we'll give you for supporting our project:Pledge $1 or moreGiving This To You Rather Than The Lotto Level For your investment of one United States dollar Carl the Great will personally EMAIL you a thank you. It is your responsibility to frame it. 100 years from now your great-grandchildren are probably going to get it appraised for like a million dollars or something.Pledge $5 or more I Make So Much Money I Just Don't Care LevelNot only do you get the aforementioned email, but you big spender, get a real DateCarl.info BUSINESS CARD to impress your friends and astonish your coworkers. DateCarl.info Business Cards Pledge $10 or more I Just Sold My Miracle Thaw Level Because you are so rich we will give you both the email, business card, AND a real DateCarl.info BUMPER STICKER! Stick in on your bumper, the back windshield like a hippy, your school backpack, or give it to a loved one for Christmas. DateCarl.info Bumper Sticker Pledge $25 or more Bank Robber Wealthy Level Get all other prizes, AND a limited edition DateCarl.info T-SHIRT!!!!!!!! You are sure to be the bell of the ball with a real DateCarl.info t-shirt. Normally sold for $10,000, you can get yours for just $25!!!! (The Final Version will be posted soon. We may have a few to choose from.) DateCarl T-Shirt Pledge $10,000 I Am Bill Gates Level As a backer at this level, we will pay for you to get a psychological evaluation. Heck, you can have my car. It's a 2000 Honda Civic. 190,000 miles. Excellent condition. My Car Risks and challenges - We have already overspent our current operating budget of $0.00, and are saddled with crippling debt of a quarter of a hundred dollars from building the DateCarl.info website. - Some people object to building websites for people that aren't really famous. They think the interweb should be saved for real celebrities like Kim Kardashian. Is Carl really famous? No, but that doesn't mean we can't make him famous for no reason. -Some might object based purely on this being a stupid idea. I see your point. But come on, haven't you spent way more money on much dumber things? i.e. Lottery tickets, your last crazy girlfriend, Beanie Babies, donations to Mitt Romney for president, do-it-yourself teeth whitening, cigarettes, 50 Shades of Grey Movie... this is at least kinda funny. - Another challenge we have is staying on track. We often get distracted by other projects and personal issues. For example, we are working hard developing a new underwear with pockets. I think that's a great idea. I was just sitting on the toilet one day, and I thought, "Hey, pockets in your underwear". Great inventions often come to people in the bathroom. I mean most of the time I just notice that I need to repaint when I'm in there. It is yellow right now. It seemed like such a great color at the time at the hardware store, but then when I painted it I was like, "Eww, that is way more yellow then I was expecting." You should get a sampler can of paint, and then just put a little on wall, and then see how you feel about it after awhile. But my point is, yellow isn't a good color for small bathrooms. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter