This is the first all-women's production of a climbing film from the ground up. Our crew consists of female climbers, riggers and photographers. We are producing a stunning six to eight minute short film that takes place locally, within 80 miles of Prescott, Arizona. With your help, we will be able to edit our spectacular footage and realize a life-long dream. This is a grassroots, artistic production with an emphasis on the grace and beauty of female rock climbers. The feelings of climbing are central to this film: flow, joy, fear, letting go. This film documents the climber's connection to her body as she becomes completely absorbed by her movement in the present moment. We tell the story of the climber's relationship to the rock, the landscape, her climbing partners and her breath. What is left to mystery is the difficulty level of the climb, the identity of the woman, and the location. This film captures the essence and power inherent in moving one's body over steep rock faces and deep within desert cracks. We show the joy and solace that can be found in fleeting moments spent on desert rock. Filming for this project is nearly complete. With your help a skilled editor will be able to stitch together the moments that pay homage to climbing as an expression of art. If you join our cause, we will be able to enter this one of a kind film in mountain film competitions as well as rock climbing film festivals. On The Rocks Trailer: compiled by Kasey McMahon Kickstarter Video: compiled by Jill Fineis Music: "Goodbye War, Hello Peace" by teru; "23 Lies" by Death in Vegas Risks and challenges The filming for this project is nearly complete. We have the footage backed up in a number of places. The next challenge will be spending the time it takes to edit in order to create the most aesthetic women's rock climbing film possible. Editing will require time, patience and hard work. It will assist us tremendously to acquire a modest amount of financial assistance in order to do our best job with editing. We will incur costs related to: editing equipment and software, copyright fees, video storage, film festival submissions, fuel and other expenses. Scheduling can be challenging as well. Fortunately, our two editors are teachers and have time off this summer. We live 1500 miles apart and will need to pay for travel expenses in order to join forces to complete the editing. We are continually working to update our website, blog and facebook page. This is a challenge as well, but we are inspired by your support and comments! Please share your thoughts and opinions as our project unfolds! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter