The backstory.One day during English at Leander High School, a student suggested making a documentary film about students in International Baccalaureate (IB), the most rigorous academic program in Texas. Mocked by this seemingly impossible project, another student decided to defend the idea and take up the challenge. After a lot of trial and error, Terry Ballard, a young aspiring film director, completed the screenplay and planning for a film that mixes documentary narration with a fictional plot. His new challenge: to obtain funding so that he can buy a camera and finish shooting the film.What's it about?A "Rubus" is a plant on which multiple berries grow around singular roses. Staying true to biology, our film consists of multiple "Barrys" and is narrated from the point of view of "Rose"."The Rubus" is the story of Barry Dedalo, a time-traveling 17-year-old whose exit from a lifelong coma lands him in a suburban high school near Austin. Barry's extraordinary intelligence and trickery allows him to quickly enter the school system, where he is greatly respected by his peers. However, for his Senior Project, his perfectionism and obsession with power leads him into building an experience machine, a device that simulates other peoples' dreams and experiences. Barry uses the machine to learn about the world and create a memory of a life he never lived. The catch: the machine inevitably corrupts his physical identity.Drawing from philosophical roots, the film questions the value of reality against simulation, the importance of personal identity in an anonymous world, and the position of dreams in a world that is obsessed with them.Who's making the film?The cast and crew of "The Rubus" is composed completely of Leander ISD students, and several teachers from Leander High School.The director and writer, Terry Ballard, is an aspiring filmmaker from Leander High School. He's also president of most of the school's clubs and organizations, including the Senior Class and the National Honor Society. Though he's leaving Leander High School for college in the fall, he will continue to work with the Leander High School Film Club in directing this film.The Leander High School Film Club is helping produce the film. They've not only pooled together equipment, they've also dedicated hundreds of hours towards production. These students are so dedicated to the making of this film that one of them even quit his job to help. 19 International Baccalaureate students and several teachers have also donated their time to the production of the film. Terry's dad, Terrell, has facilitated the establishment of this Kickstarter, and is supervising its financing.Getting technical.So far, we've shot the film on borrowed equipment, which we can only temporarily use. In order to continue production, we need to purchase a professional video camera (most likely a $1,000 Blackmagic Pocket Cinema Camera), a Merlin 2 steadicam ($400), a RODE boom microphone and recording system ($300), and accessories for the camera such as lenses, sun hoods, and tripods ($800). Our total equipment expenses are around $2500.The remainder of the money will go towards costumes, film insurance, film permits, and music licensing, which we will keep under $5,000. Though most of the film will be shot in free locations, areas such as the Austin MetroRail and the UT Campus require special permits and police department approval. We expect to be fully compliant with the law.Finally, we're saving the last $500 for our rainy day fund and your Kickstarter rewards.This Kickstarter will exclusively fund production. We will assess major release at a later date. If we have the support necessary to go to a film festival, we will return in 2015 with a release / distribution Kickstarter, which will fund festival entry fees and music licensing fees. Of course, we want all of you to see the film, and hopefully you will continue to support us as we go farther with "The Rubus". Risks and challenges We don't expect any difficulties with actually shooting the film, as we have already garnered lots of experience over the last several months of production. However, our biggest challenge will be obtaining film permits, which are costly and will make up most of the budget. We've already worked out quotes and potential deals with most of our permit-requiring entities, and we're always prepared to find cheaper ways to make the film while sticking true to its plot and overall quality. We also expect setbacks in the time it takes to make the film. Because no one in the cast or crew is a full-time filmmaker, the time it takes to work around schedules will be big. However, most of our cast and crew will be available over the summer, so we fully expect to make most of the film before September. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter