The Backward Fall is a hyper realistic piece with some moments of surrealism based around a family with the mother suffering from Alzheimer’s. It has some honest moments of how each family member reacts and cope having to live with the changes to their mother/wife, along with the humorous elements that come out of the mundane family life. The play is in two short acts either side of an interval. The basic plot of the 'traditional Sunday round mum's house' is repeated from the first act into the second. However as the Alzheimer’s worsens, the structure unravels as the characters do. We use physical sequences to show what the family cannot say to one another out right, and also to add light relief, yet show the subtext of the story. As well as this, the surreal physicality becomes the norm as the mother who is suffering with the illness is often the only character out of sync and 'natural'. This shows the illness through the flip side - that families do not witness in real life. We are able here, to see the family descend into madness as she hosts in her unravelling home. The message that essentially is the need to talk, to laugh, and to love could be said with words and lengthy asides. However, we rather explore them physically as it could become a very heavy and static piece, and it also allows for the characters' daydreams, and fantasies to come alive. We were often inspired by our own family lives, and you can see quirky family moments come to life in this piece. We have also experienced being the family members of people with Alzheimer's, and from this, gathered that the very early stages and when a sufferer realises what they are going through, they are the main victim. However, it gets to a point when they no longer realise what is happening and they are living in their own world where they are happy, and yet the family look on with upset and have to watch their loved one go through this. In some cases, members of family become their carer, almost becoming the victim. We are looking for sponsorship to help promote and put this performance on. We want to share our story of a family with Alzheimer’s to acknowledging the hardship of primarily the carers, as they can often be forgotten. It is a piece that will make you shed tears of laughter and sadness, and tells the story of a family who are going through what so many people are today. Risks and challenges With a project that is based on a sensitive subject matter, we want to make sure that our piece is done in an appropriate manner and portrays the family conflicts in a way that our audience can relate to. We hope to gain a widespread audience of all backgrounds so that we can get people talking about this disease, which touches so many people's lives. To gain the diverse audience that we desire, we aim to advertise our piece through many forms, such as facebook, twitter and flyering around London. Through doing this we hope to reach an audience of all ages and backgrounds. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter