Cellist Kathryn Tarko and Pianist Jason Chen present a night of music by the Russian composers Aleksandr Glazunov, Dmitri Shostakovich, and Sergei Prokofiev. Glazunov was key in combining Russian Nationalism with the Cosmopolitinism of the west. He was Shostakovich’s teacher, and a great inspiration to Prokofiev. Prokofiev and Shostakovich spent their musical careers clashing with Stalin and his Central Committee of the Communist Party of Soviet Russia in their individual exploration and continuation of Glazunov’s work. After WWII they, along with several other composers, were all called out in the Zhdanovschina and were forced to present speeches denouncing themselves and their music. While Prokofiev pursued composition through an air of childlike innocence and hope, Shostakovich faced this reality with not only an expertise in navigating the strict propagandist enforcement of music, but faced this with dark humor and sarcasm. Each of these composers were not only able to fight Stalin with the power of their music, but were also able to advance Russian music during a time of extreme censorship. They not only risked their careers, but their lives as well.The topics and music explored in this recital are Kathryn's favorite. Shostakovich was the composer that instilled her zeal for classical music and history. With this concert she is excited to share her passion for this music, but also her enthusiasm for the incredible history and stories this music and these composers share.Kathryn Tarko's greatest love is sharing her passion for classical music with the public. It is her desire to never charge admission for her recitals in hopes that people from all walks of life can attend and experience the classical arts. That being said, putting on a recital is expensive! In addition to recital hall, recording and accompanist costs, there are lesson costs, day to day cello maintenance, and the hours upon hours of work spent in preparing the concert repertoire. This is all a labor of love, but any support given is much appreciated.The concert will be held on February 8th at the Piano Forte building on S Michigan in Chicago. It will also be live streamed here pianofortestudios.tv. Risks and challenges There aren't a lot of risks for this project. Everything is booked and the music will be ready to go. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter