Blazing fast speeds... Setup in seconds... no VPN needed... The SpaceShifting Revolution The Problem:If you’re a veteran overseas traveler or going abroad for the first time, you’ll experience this bitter disappointment after a long day of business meetings or tourism: You arrive at your hotel, open your device to relax and binge watch your favorite series on Netflix, Hulu or HBO, only to find “Access Denied” for the country you’re in. Suddenly you’re faced with mundane alternatives like reading a book or watching incomprehensible local television on the hotel set. In Asia, Europe, South America, Australia, Africa? A big NOPE on getting your content! Hello, I think my TV needs an oil change Our Solution AlwaysHome is a ridiculously simple to set up system that allows you to appear to be browsing the Internet from your very own living room or office (with access to your private network) anywhere in the world. It’s an alternative to complicated VPN setups that’s blazing fast – between 3-10 times faster depending on where you’re galavanting around the globe! Compatibility: Supports all WiFi enabled devices such as Apple TV, Chromecast and Xbox Who Should Buy It... AlwaysHome is a practical solution for anyone abroad who needs access to content in their home country... Benefits : Blazing Fast 3-10 times faster than VPN Set it up in seconds, not hours Secure AlwaysHome provides an overlay over the public WiFi using a secure tunnel from one dongle to the other. Integrates Has a wireless AP which supports devices like Apple TV and Chromecast which don’t allow configuration of VPN How it Works: The Aluminium Duo features two USB dongles, and a subscription to our cloud services, allowing you to space-shift to any local network behind a firewall or blocked by geo-blocking systems. 1) Once the two dongles are setup, an auto-communication between the two is triggered in our cloud infrastructure. 2) Our cloud securely authenticates the dongles and then direct them to connect to each other. 3) The dongles will then establish a secure, accelerated connection between them. 4) All requests and data travel from one dongle will be routed to the other dongle. So each dongle can haveaccess to the network of the other dongle, including internet access from the other dongle and devices in the same network. If establishing a direct link is not possible, the cloud may be used as a medium to piggyback data traffic between the two dongles. This is done transparently and seamlessly so that there are no disruptions in the user experience. A layer of WAN (Wide Area Network) Optimization is also implemented based on a proprietary data transfer protocol between the two dongles. It is much faster than standard TCP, especially over long distance and long latency network, such as the Internet between San Francisco and Shanghai. In our reality test, an average 3 to 10 times network throughput improvement is achieved on cross pacific data transfers. Watch our videos of AlwaysHome in action all around the world! Watching Hulu from a Hong Kong You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Watching Netflix at Coffee Academics, Hong Kong You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Watching House of Cards on Netflix in a restaurant in northern China You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 All information printed on the back A small batch ready to be shipped out next week AlwaysHome Benefits in Detail Network Acceleration – AlwaysHome uses a type of WAN optimization technology that has traditionally been the domain of large enterprises. The efficiency of an average of 3 to 10 times network acceleration is achieved with our WAN optimization software. This enables no jitters HD streaming and fast large file downloads/uploads over long distance network. Undeniable Internet Surfing – AlwaysHome uses the IP address of your own home network at your home country. It overcomes the proxy detection mechanism employed by some streaming content site. To any website, you are visiting them from your own home at your home country. It provides you with all the benefits and access rights that you enjoy from your house. Space-shifting to Any Target Network - When your place one dongle at a network (target), you can use another dongle to space-shift into that network. This is very useful for small business to support their remote working forces. Portable and Powered by USB - AH-X1 dongle is designed to be very light and portable. Its power source is standard USB port which can be easily found on many devices. Plug&Play Set-Up – AlwaysHome is a no-fuss space shifting solution. And its setup reflects this. There is no need to configure the IP of a VPN Gateway separately for each device that is to be used. The finding and pairing of the dongles takes place behind the scenes in the cloud! It is just plug&play. Multiple Device Support – AlwaysHome AH-X1 dongle acts as a wireless access point that supports all the devices you own including AppleTV, Chromecast and Xbox etc. Secure Tunnel at Public WiFi – AlwaysHome provides a secure tunnel between the two dongles which overlays the public WiFi network. So no more concern of privacy information being snooped at coffee shops, hotels and restaurants. Technical Specs Size: 28mm×9mm×68mm (W×H×L) Body features: 4 lights in the middle, 2 switch buttons on either side, 1 reset hole on the side, 1 RJ45 network port at the extreme end and 1 USB power connector at the other end CPU: MIPS 580 MHz RAM: 128 MB Flash: 8MB NOR FLASH and 128 MB NAND FLASH Network: 100M Ethernet, Wi-Fi 300 Mbps at 2.4 GHz Power Requirement: USB 5V, 500 mA Project History We have been developing this product/service for more than a year. In this Aug 2015, we finished a small volume production (a few hundred units) and sent to early customers. We also had the cloud infrastructure setup which include servers in US and UK. By end of September, we have ~80 early customers and ~130 units in the system. Along the way, we have fixed hardware and software bugs and now the systems becomes much more stable. Basically the product/service is ready and we just need to push it to more users. What left to be done is mass production for more users and continuously debugging the software and adding new functions. Our manufacturing partner has a capacity of 100K per month and takes 4 weeks from order to delivery. So we are quite confident about shipping on time after the campaign finishes. Contact and follow us: Email contact regarding our Kickstarter campaign: ks@homgingsystems.com Any other matters: contact@homingsystems.com Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/homingsystems LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/homing-systems Twitter: https://twitter.com/HomingSystems Google+: https://plus.google.com/102015428153373222353/posts Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKjeW-rP986etxESavGbPkw Details on Our Pledges: THANK YOU! Risks and challenges Regarding performance, the actual speed of the network experienced by the user via the AlwaysHome depends on the speed of the connection provided by the Internet Service Provider (ISP) at the target or home network. The acceleration applied by AlwaysHome is depending on this base quality. AlwaysHome may not help much if the ISP service is too poor. Regarding delivery, we have been developing the product for more than a year. The hardware has already passed the small volume production phase so we are confident the delivery will be on time. There is one risk in terms of shipping though. Because our shipping is expected to be in the holiday season which normally has slowest logistics in a year, we may experience delay in shipping time. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter