STEAM Greenlit achieved in just a 10 days! http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=468546365See HD quality of above Promotional Game video at youtube. ▶A RPG strategy card game, you can create card focused on your Hero’s adventure and its party. ▶Construct and manage your own deck of cards as your cards are essential to the gameplay. When the game gets released, more than 200 cards will be available. ▶A unique card-crafting system that enables you special personalization of your card. Create, name, set images, choose and combine effects to your liking. With endless design options, how will you make your card deck to conquer the world? ▶Deeply rooted and originated from core RPGs and strategic fantasy elements not only from old age games like Ultima, Final Fantasy Series but to modern gaming trends as well. ▶Using Unity engine, available in English, Korean, Japanese firstly. (more languages can be added by stretched goals) ▶With your funding, the game will be released for PC, Android, iOS platforms. PC, or any console version will not have in-game-purchases. Depending on the success of the stretch goals, other platforms like PS4 and Xbox One releases will be considered. [Social Media] Facebook , Twitter , Youtube This game is strategy game with RPG element using card. You can enjoy strategic decision and fun throughout this game. The game will evolve around 5 admirable main characters: Dragon Tamer, Spirit Knight, Priestess, Mage, etc. With your selected character, you will explore a vast, striking, and polished gameplay field and engage in many dangerous and mysterious adventures. Through participating and completing, you will level-up your main character, expand your own party, gain rare items, delicate cards, and impeccable skills. The user will start the game with a ‘Starter Deck’ and be allowed to customize, evolve, and polish the deck throughout the game. There will be multiple maps with various adventures to choose from and the user will complete each map by accomplishing set quests and missions. Throughout the game, the hero will meet new party members and join forces to defeat its foes. As new characters are introduced, new cards will be introduced as well. Each character has its own unique skills cards and by completing various conditions or by meeting certain level requirements, you can acquire these skills cards. Once acquired, the skills cards can be used by any other characters in the party and depending on which character joins the party, the skills and abilities of your party will be set accordingly and be different from others. At character level-ups, they will earn new talent points and obtain a new card to use. These new cards can be used by other party members as well, but there will be differences in stats efficiency, according to the character. During quests, the user will have to make certain choices at particular moments of the game. Depending on these choices, the clear goals of the quest will change and, as a result, the overall game play will be changed. Some quests will not give direct solutions to achieve its goals. The user will need to solve it from various hints within the quest. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ If your credit card won't work with Kickstarter for some reason, you can back the project via Paypal. Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/14dimension?ref=hl Twitter Follows : https://twitter.com/14Dimension Twitter Retweets : https://twitter.com/14Dimension/status/682409684121206784 Youtube subscribers : https://www.youtube.com/user/qwergame Youtube views : http://youtu.be/7Ti_zsfbrjQ Fanart : Send us your fan art drawing or sketch through a Kickstarter message or Facebook post/message. If above achievements are fulfilled, then you will get: Zeta, the world as we know it, is set in a mysterious era where magic and machines have coexisted for ages. In the world of Zeta, minds of the habitats are split among two religious forms. “Illunes” and “Meridians”. Illunes means to be spiritual. Throughout the ages, the followers of Illunes have studied many aspects of human psychological status, such as human dreams and inner visions. They live a life free of material possessions and look to achieve inner peace. Meridian is total opposite of Illunes. Meridians focus on sentience of human beings and its main focus is to accumulate as much wealth and power as possible. Due to the difference of philosophies, Illunes and Meridians have always fought over their place in the world. Through much blood sheds, Illunes were forced out and the leaders of Illunes decided to create a final secret place for their brotherhood, “The Paradise”. It is believed to be guarded by dragons and many other monsters and its existence has always been in shadows. Still, throughout history, many adventurers tried to find the Paradise. The legend has it, if found, one can obtain enormous wealth and have access to all the secrets of the world. Based on initial funding goal, there will be at least 8 characters to choose from. (This can be extended by funding goal) <Feiah> Age : 23 Class : Dragon Tamer Background : She was chosen with the power of the dragon at birth. Her parents first realized her curse when a little dragon showed up their house and began following their daughter at a very early age. Out of fear of being an outcast by their village, her parents concealed her little dragon and taught her to never mention it to anyone. During the early years, she lived faithfully in accordance to the wishes of her parents and was living a quiet, normal life. However, as the power of the dragon grew inside of her, she began to question her true identity and one day, heard whispers of the little dragon from the basement saying,”…child…you don’t belong here…fulfill your destiny…" <Cindy> Age : 23 Class : Spirit Knight Background : She was one of the strongest and brightest royal guards of the empire. As her reputation and rank grew, the king began assigning her dark and secret missions in order to keep his power against his own enemies. With her skills being used for the king’s own personal ambitions, she begins to question her royalty to the king against her own moral ethics. Finally, she decides that she’s had enough and escapes during one of her assassination missions. From then on, she is looking for her true purpose in the world while on the run from the constant grasps from the empire. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 <Laisa> Age : 20 Class : Priestess Background : Throughout her whole life, she had sacrificed and followed the teachings of the Church. But one day, she begins to wonder what is truly happening outside the walls of the Church? What if one can keep their faith in God and not be restricted to the walls of the Church? Are the words of the Church the only true purpose in life? With many sleepless nights, she decides to find out for herself and searches for the answers to her questions. <Kane> Age : 27 Class : Mage Background : Captivated by the idea of becoming the most powerful mage in the history of mankind, he is travelling in search of forgotten knowledge of ancient civilizations. Will he be the bright light to the world or bring destruction and fear to others? Only time will tell… <Koryn> Age : 28 Class : Ranger Background : He was a young and naive boy with the love of his life by his side. He lived happily with one day marrying his love and becoming a father. However, his dream gets shattered as his love is lost in an invasion of their village. Bothered by his guilt of not being able to save her, he decides to become a Ranger. As a Ranger he has only one goal: not lose anyone close due to his own weaknesses. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 The user will choose a Hero character from 5 or more characters, then select the main scenario map. Each map has its own unique tile settings, environments, quests, resources, locations, enemies, and clear conditions. Basically, game progresses by turn based. The user will start the map with a starting deck and one hero character. One can move freely anywhere within the map. Throughout various encounters, such as events, quests, and enemy battles, the hero will gain experience, gain party members, earn more cards, items and etc. Finally, the hero will complete the required final condition of that map (a fight battle with the Boss enemy, or gathering a specific rare items, etc.) and prepare for the next scenario map. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Battle system will require strategic planning by the user as this is the essential core of the battle system mechanics. First, the user will select party members to enter the battlefield. Enemies and allies will set their position within a 3*3 battlefield. Once the positions are set, battle will begin. Battle system is a turn-based real-time, which means each unit has his or her own action orders, and one can act based on the specified order. But overall time is progressing by real-time. So if a unit wants to cast a magic skill, or perform an advanced attack order, it must wait the designated cast time. However, during the wait, another order unit with less cast time can act. While in-battle, the user can intervene by using your own cards. This will be a crucial element in winning your battles. The user will be allowed to use “Mana Stones”, acquired in participating in various adventures, to creating various effects to the card. The game will require usage of cards, from adventures, to battles, and to encounter scenes. The users will start the game with a deck of cards. It will be up to the user to manage and improve its deck in accordance to the required elements within the game. When the game gets released, more than 200 cards will be available. The user can create and personalize its cards to their liking. With endless design options, you can give it a personalized name, upload your customized images from local drives for card illustrations, choose special elements, and combine card effects from an existing effects list. All these choices will allow you to make your one and only card in the world. Think of all the possibilities you can play with. [Project lead & development] : 14Dimension Enterprise We have made various PC and mobile games since 2010. Our goal has always been to make a meaningful, fun, and a superior game compared to others. For this project, we are getting assistance and co-operations from many experts and top professionals within the industry. Some past games developed by 14Dimension, (Perfection of Wisdom) http://store.steampowered.com/app/355380 (Publisher Tycoon) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dimension14.publishertycoonlite [Character's concept art, 3d modeling] Mario Wibisono He is one of the world’s best character graphic artists. https://www.facebook.com/Mario.Wibisono.Page?fref=ts Buko Studio Buko studio did a fabulous job for our 2D art assets. http://www.buko-studios.com/ [Card illustrations] We are working with top illustrators in the industry. Andrea Belyakov : Spectromancer, Perfection of Wisdom Nick Deligaris : Magewars Addison Rankin : Magewars Risks and challenges Game development requires countless hours and efforts of many dedicated people. Anyone with any interest or experience in game development knows that it takes utmost devotion to the project. I have already experienced the challenges of game development and understand there will be hidden obstacles along the way…But, I believe, nothing is impossible if one’s will is strong enough. I began my career by creating games from scratch. From nothing to something, I have resolved and overcame hundreds of technical, personal difficulties. Now it’s time to step up to the next challenge and I cannot do this alone. Let’s make this project together!! Not only do we have dedicated employees from our company, we have many excellent developers and talented artists, from outsourcing, to assist us in fulfilling this project of ours. I personally promise that, with your funding, 14Dimension Enterprise will finish this project and put the final product for the world to see. Everyone at 14Dimension Enterprise understands the responsibility of a public funding and will put our heart and soul in to this project. We truly believe we have something special here. As a true gamer to gamer, you all can be our witnesses and join us for this ride. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter