We are two brothers located in the LA area. We have a passion for cars. We love to drive them, fix them, clean them so they are looking real damn nice. We also like to push cars to the edge. We like to see what they are made of, how well they can hold together, and what it takes to finally "let loose". Testing in progress We want to create a web series that tests car's to their limit. We will buy the most car money can buy depending on what this Kickstarter brings in. We are asking for 2000.00 to get something cheap for now. If we pass 2000.00 we will add stretch goals for nicer cars to be tested, or maybe we will be able to test multiple cars. We wont be able to test new cars, the budget does not work for that (stretch goal for a new car to be tested? That's CRAZY!). When testing, we might do extreme things to the car. For science. This is for you to enjoy and possibly learn something about a car you may want to buy for your teenager, or anyone else who want's a fully tested machine. (Or not buy depending on how the testing goes!)For the first car we test, we will buy the best car we can afford with this Kickstarter. We will then proceed to attach several cameras to the car, along with an external camera to ensure all aspects of testing are recorded, you know, for science. "Oh, hes gonna test the crap out of it...." (Bad Boys 2 quote)"He should definitely buy this car, well, not this exact one, I'm going to mess this one up, but one like it" - Good advice for buy buyers.Where do you come in? - We are trying to raise funding for the first car in our web series. By doing this, we invite you to be a part of this experience. All users will get his/her name written on the car (or, your username for privacy). This will be shown in the video - everyone will know you helped Men vs. Car obtain said car and test the crap out of it.Some reward levels even let you pitch us an idea for testing. We will try to do everything we can within reason and budget.Higher donations will get you an actual piece of the car so you can remember the glorious times we had. You never know what you might get.It could be a mirror that flew off during the durability testing. It might be an engine part that should couldn't take it any longer. We just don't know until we get there.We will try to add one car a month to this web series. It probably wont catch on fire.. probably.. They take cars for metal scrap too! Twitter: http://twitter.com/MenVsCarYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/MenVsCar Risks and challenges Risks are the car does not get enough testing in day one, so we have to use another day to FULLY test the car. It's possible it might rain, but who are we kidding? It's California. HA. (rain would be fun for this project) Another risk is the car wont run anymore so we'll have to get a tow truck to tow it away. To ensure we are more or less safe around and in the car, we wont be crashing the car into things. We wont have time to build a proper roll cage for this budget. (maybe a stretch goal?) We don't want to assume the risk of medical bills. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter