The Indie Game Magazine is the only magazine dedicated to covering indie games. We started a Fundraiser Promotion for Get Well Gamers back in July and raised over $500 for charity before Kickstarter suspended us. That's OK though because we're going to give it one more shot and explicitly state that this promo WILL support our independently published magazine as well. OUR GOAL IS TO RAISE OVER $1,000 FOR GET WELL GAMERS. IGM has raised a few hundred dollars already as part of our promotion back in July but we need your help to meet our goal! The magazine needs $500 along with advertisers and sponsors for the next issue of the Indie Game Mag. This money will be used to pay printing costs, contributors, digital partners, and other magazine expenses. So $500 of the Kickstarter project will go towards the next issue of IGM and the surplus will go to Get Well Gamers along with the money IGM has rasied over the past few months. HERE'S HOW IT WORKS: 1. You Make a Donation Through Kickstarter 2. We Hit the $1,000 Threshold 3. $500 Goes to IGM to pay for issue 13 and all the great Kickstarter rewards 3. The remaining Cash from Kickstarter gets added to the Total from the IGM Promotion 4. IGM Makes a (hopefully) Enormous Donation to Get Well Gamers from the Indie Community 5. Backers GET FREE STUFF 6. Indies Help Sick Kids 7. Everybody Wins. SO DONATE AWAY AND SHARE THIS LINK WITH YOUR FRIENDS. Feel free to ask questions too! ABOUT Get-Well Gamers Foundation: The Get-Well Gamers Foundation is a California-based 501(c) (3)-certified public charity dedicated to bringing electronic entertainment to children's hospitals for the benefit of entertainment and pain management since 2001. Its network includes more 100 hospitals and treatment facilities across the United States and Canada. For more information, please visit www.getwellgamers.org. ABOUT IGM: Indie Game Magazine (www.indiegamemag.com) is the premier source of news and culture for the independent gaming. Started in October 2008 and published bi-monthly by Mike Gnade, IGM has matured into a definitive voice for the indie gaming scene. Combining no-nonsense reviews, in-depth reviews and long-form features with the leading lights of the industry, the magazine, like the games it covers, is independently owned and fiercely independent as it strives to highlight the artists and community behind what it deems the most creative branch of the video gaming universe.