Ambitheater, Immerse Yourself!The Ambitheater ambient entertainment lighting system allows for your TV shows, movies and video games to control the lighting in your living room, bedroom or home theater. Ambitheater includes dynamic LED backlighting behind your television to compliment the in room lighting and extends the viewing area of the screen beyond the perimeter of the television. These effects immerse the room and the viewer into the entertainment system and your favorite games, movies or TV shows. Ambitheater is already equipped with the software necessary to provide the lighting effects described, that means there is no need for a PC like some of the other devices out there!Our goal in designing the Ambitheater lighting system is to fulfill a need where all others did not go. We have spent a significant amount of time searching for the right components and writing software to incorporate the desired licensing to allow for HDMI pass-through with HDCP support in an affordable commercial solution. Along the way we were able to add some great features that are missing from the currently available systems on the market. Have you ever asked one of the other ambient lighting system developers if their products worked with the PlayStation 4? Or any other HDMI input? What about HDCP? Well, their answer was always NO! Even if they claimed that they would, setup requires three or four devices to configure and many hours searching the internet for answers as to why it doesn’t work. With Ambitheater, the answer is YES. No computer is needed for Ambitheater to function. Ambitheater will support any HDMI source even with HDCP. With your help we will make this a reality!What is HDCP you ask. HDCP stands for High-Bandwidth Digital Content Protection. It is designed to protect copyrighted media from being saved from an HDMI cable. This is done by encrypting the signal on HDMI cables. HDCP requires that manufacturers design their products to a certain set of rules and also pay a hefty fee to become an adopter. We have created our software and designed our hardware to work within the guidelines set out by these HDCP rules. Ambitheater provides support for WS2812 LED strips for TV backlighting. These strips are the latest and greatest when it comes to LED light strips. The strips have the controller IC built into the RGB LED to allow for each LED to individually be any color. This allows the backlight to dynamically change with the action on the screen for the area that each LED is placed. WS2812 The Ambitheater controller has built-in support for Philips Hue lighting. This extends the viewing experience beyond the two dimensional experience around the television. The controller allows for up to six groups to be assigned and customized to set the color of each group of lights specified on the area of the screen. Due to Philips’ lack of reseller support for the Philips Hue, the Philips Hue lighting system must be purchased separately. Philips Hue Due to backer requests there will be two lighting options for the in-room lighting effects. Ambitheater will support both the Philips Hue and LimitlessLED bulb standards. Due to limitations of the LimitlessLED system the in-room lighting will only be able to be setup into 4 groups when using LimitlessLED bulbs rather than the 6 that Philips Hue can support. LimitlessLED Lighting System The future of television is changing. With the latest 4K Ultra High Definition televisions gaining more support it would just be a matter of time before a mere 1080p will not suffice. To prepare for this we have included 4K UHD up-scaling support. In our search for the best way to implement HDMI pass-through with HDCP licensing we have found an affordable chip solution that will add 4K upscaling features. Now you won’t have to replace the Ambitheater controller when you upgrade to the 4K UHD standard. As a side effect of this feature all 720p sources will be up-scaled to 1080p or 4K UHD if the TV can support it. Imagine being able to stream Netflix, Hulu or Amazon at 4K UHD. Can't beat that. We have tried to incorporate every feature that we could think of while designing Ambitheater. Here is a list of some of the features that we have incorporated into the controller:In room lighting global dimming to adjust the brightness to your preference.Remotely configuration of the Ambitheater controller.Ability to enable or disable the in room lighting for those times when you would rather not be immersed in your entertainment.Adjustable update intervals for the in room lighting. This enables the user to adjust how often the in room lighting will change to account for Phillips Hue limitations on advertisement rates.Up to 6 groups to set for the in room lighting to allow for multiple locations of lighting within the room.Expansion of LED TV backlighting for larger displays (may require an additional power adapter)Supports any HDMI input (PS3, PS4, XBOX360, XBOXOne, Wii, Wii-U, Computer, Blue Ray player, Cable Box, Streaming devices)The video below showcases Ambitheater with in-room lighting disabled and auto detection of black bars on top and bottom and the sides. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Backer Rewards We have considered the fact that some of our potential backers have already invested in some of the other do-it-yourself and consumer options that are on the market and may already have the WS2812 LED strips but do not support HDMI with HDCP. For this reason we are offering an early bird option for the controller only so you are not swimming in LED's. Also Ambitheater can work with just the Philips Hue lights or LED's on their own if you so desire. Backer Rewards What’s So Great About Ambitheater? We can go on about how the lighting effect created by Ambitheater provides less strain on the eyes by allowing the pupils to relax rather than constantly adjusting to the variations in lighting caused by the television. We can discuss how the human eye has a wide viewing angle beyond the focal point of your attention and Ambitheater will immerse your mind by adding a couple of feet of lighting around the perimeter of the screen and beyond into the room; but to get to the point, Ambitheater surrounds you with your entertainment by extending the viewing experience and incorporating the entire room into the viewing experience. It just looks good. How is the Project Going? We currently have created a development prototype environment with the key components of Ambitheater. With the weighty restrictions of HDCP and the cost of the licensing we are in need of some assistance to move forward. Until we can become an HDCP Adopter we are not able to put the final piece into the design to complete the circuit board. The manufacturer of the needed HDMI chip (that is just out of reach due to these restrictions) has worked closely with us to ensure that once we are considered an HDCP Adopter, all that is needed is to drop the chip in and make a couple of tweaks to the software to manage the chip. Currently we are using a similar non-HDCP replacement for the HDMI chip that produced the effects in the video. We have created and tested the software for the processor that will be used in the Ambitheater controller. We have sourced all of the components that will be implemented in the final product and we have created a preliminary PCB design using all of the components including the much needed HDMI chip. Development Board Prototype Case Conception What’s In the Box? With our current design, Ambitheater will come with the HDMI pass-through controller, 5 meters of 30 LED's/meter WS2812 LED strips, and a power supply for your country specification. If you found us in time for the backing option for the controller without the 5 meter LED strip then the LED's will not be in the box as you would prefer. Installing Ambitheater If you choose to get the LED strips from us, the strips will have double sided tape for the whole length. No cutting is required for installation. Just stick the strip to the back of the television around the perimeter. At each corner simply fold the strip at a 90 degree angle and continue sticking the tape around the television. Lastly plug the three pin JSP connector into the Ambitheater controller. To install the controller, simply plug an HDMI input into the Ambitheater controller from an HDMI source and an HDMI output from the Ambitheater controller to the television. Plug the provided power supply into the controller and allow it to boot up. The controller will allow for simple configuration settings from an Ethernet input. For Philips Hue support the Ethernet connection will need to be connected to your home network. Hardware Setup Follow directions for setting up the Philips Hue system to include the specific bulbs into up to six groups by following the Philips Hue instructions provided by Philips. Enter the group names into the Ambitheater controller web configuration page for each of six areas of capture. The Ambitheater controller can officially support up to 200 LED’s with the included power adapter. If more LED’s are needed a separate power supply will be required and connected directly to the LED strip.The Ambitheater controller can support 450 LED’s for data control only, but will require the additional power supply. Schedule Currently we have done all of the research, component selection, software creation, PCB design and initial prototype testing. We are now running the Kickstarter campaign immediately followed by HDCP licensing and then PCB prototyping, case creation and other certifications such as UL and HDMI. We will be shipping to Early Bird backers starting June 1st 2015. Slow Bird shipments will follow shortly after on July 1st 2015. Schedule What We Will Do with the Money We have priced out all of the components, manufacturing costs, certification and the other various items that typically come up with the design and manufacturing of a product. The below chart shows the amounts that we have calculated in order to manufacture 1000 Ambitheater systems. Why so many? Well, this is the minimum order quantity that best suits the need to keep the price of Ambitheater as reasonable as possible. As you can imagine the components needed to bring the advanced features included in Ambitheater to life require certain commitments to keep them affordable. The LED strips alone typically retail between $60-$75. We intend to beat this price to ensure a better deal for our Kickstarter backers. Costs Who is Ambitheater Technologies?We are hobbyists, we are tinkerers, we are movie lovers, we are gamers and we are people just like you who want a product like this and we want to share it with you. We chose to build Ambitheater and not allow a simple license to stop innovation. We waited for years for this device to be made and when it didn’t come, we decided to do it ourselves. Who's Our Competition? Almost all ambient lighting systems on the market right now do not support HDMI input. They require the video source to be generated from a computer. This works well for some people, but there are many other common sources of video which are not supported. One of the closest competitors to Ambitheater is a do-it-yourself project which requires various components that may be difficult to find. The solution for HDCP that this program has created is to purchase an HDMI splitter which strips HDCP on one output port. These splitters are not readily available. Once the HDCP license issuer becomes aware of a manufacturer creating a device that does this, all HDCP licenses are pulled from the manufacturer so no further devices can make it to market. The cost of creating this DIY setup could be up to $150 once the $70 LED strip and the other components are purchased. This DIY setup has no video up-scaling included. Video up-scaling products on the market would be a $40 value in the cheapest scenario. This does not address the time that it takes to set everything up in Linux not to mention the troubleshooting that comes once it becomes apparent that it doesn't work correctly. Ambitheater has a simplified configuration page for easy setup and the price is comparable to this do-it-yourself project. The second similiar product on the market is the AmbX system. It is not really a competitor because it is meant more for a concert hall. Although it is feasible to build an AmbX system in your home. The price makes it an unreachable option for most. These products cost upwards of $6000. Ambitheater will bring this experience into your home for far less. Thank You for your consideration! I hope you find Ambitheater as interesting as we do. We have worked hard to get to this point. Please consider backing Ambitheater so we can all have our own immersive entertainment system. Please join us on this journey to create a great product. Risks and challenges We feel that the risk is low. We have set out to make this product and we have setup our network of suppliers and manufacturers. We have researched the HDCP/HDMI certifications and licensing and have planned accordingly to be within those guidelines. We have planned our schedule to mediate any delays that may come up. There may be some redesigns of the prototype to ensure signal quality but we are prepared for this and will get Ambitheater to a final product. We just need your help to get us over this restrictive hurdle and into production. We have considered every aspect in getting Ambitheater to you at the lowest price possible and also ensure our success. The current price in this campaign is a discounted price compared to our market analysis and retail projective pricing. Please don't hesitate to back this project. When we get closer to our goal we will role out our stretch goals to make Ambitheater even better. We have some great ideas. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter