I am creating a book looking at how the Herefordshire that Victorian pioneer photographer Alfred Watkins photographed has changed in the past century or so. Check out this old blog post from December 2012;" I was Christmas shopping in Hereford with the children the other day. I'm sure I had heard the name Alfred Watkins some where in the murky mists of time. But it had never really connected with anything. That was until I was exploring the back streets around Hereford Cathedral. I turned a corner into St John's Street and there was a little blue plaque on the wall that said "Alfred Watkins 1855-1935 Pioneer Photographer Antiquarian Lived Here 1925-1935". So when I got home I started Googling as one does now. He truly was a pioneer!..."That's how I first discovered Alfred Watkins! Alfred Watkins (1855-1935) was born and raised in Herefordshire. he was a photographer, inventor, antiquarian and writer. He invented and manufactured the first commercially available exposure meter, this was called the Watkins Bee Meter. Herbert Ponting used one while documenting the 1910 expedition to the South Pole led by Captain Scott. Watkins was also the author of what is considered the first technical manual of photography. Being so accurate, his method of exposure and development was used by the R.A.F through out the Second World War. From the 1870's to his death in 1935 he continuously traveled through Herefordshire photographing parts of the county steeped in history. Using his local knowledge he found the site of Langlands, in the shadow of the Malvern Hills, the place where William Langland the author of the medieval text Piers Plowman worked his plough. A lover of poetry he had friends who could recall a time when poet Elizabeth Barrett Browning lived in the county, he watched John Masefield receive the freedom of Hereford city. This inspired him to put together a book called The Masefield County. he died before being able to publish it. Fortunately it was published posthumously in 2012. It is upon this work that my project is largely based. I have been traveling around the county searching out the places where he put down his tripod, then placing mine in exactly the same place to show you how things have changed in the past century or so. Risks and challenges I am self-publishing this book. As I write this I have just finished the fieldwork, i.e. traveling around finding the locations where Watkins stood when he took his original photographs and creating my own images. Although the good people at Hereford Museum have digitized some of the Watkins archive of plate glass negatives some of the images required for this book have not yet been copied. Thankfully Hereford Museum have accepted my offer to digitize the rest of his archive. So that is all under control. The anniversary of Alfred's death is on 7th April, by this time I mean to have everything ready for publication. The book has already been laid out digitally after many long nights in front of my laptop and I am just waiting for the Watkins original images to insert as I mentioned above. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter