Hello and welcome to the Kickstarter page for Whiskey Sunday's first full length album! We hope to record this summer and release it in early 2014. We have been playing packed venues in Los Angeles and all over Southern California. We are ready for the next step! We are proud of our original music and unique sound. Check us out at: www.facebook.com/whiskeysundaybandUnfortunately, making a record is not a cheap process. With your help we can afford the recording, mixing and mastering fees.Whiskey Sunday is Patrick Rieger, Deidre Moore, JR Nutt, Nora Germain, and Olivia Sandoval. Although Los Angeles based, their sound is pure Midwestern-woods, at dusk. Whiskey Sunday combines their shared roots of Irish folk, with a hearty pour of Americana, prairie winds, and river-side cabin hymns. In their music, you'll hear references of an older time. Bitter-sweet tragic stories hidden in joyful harmonies. The combination of the electric harp, fiddle, banjo, upright bass, mandolin and harmonica bring the antique effect on your ears, into a present day mist. Whiskey Sunday will invite the lake-house out in any Irish-American, folk lover. Music that asks you to pour something single-malt, sit on the porch, and sip reverently.Meet the band! Patrick Rieger, guitar, bodhran, vocals Deidre Moore, harp, flute, vocals JR Nutt, banjo, mandolin, vocals Nora Germain, fiddle Olivia Sandoval, Upright Bass We are prepared, we're thrilled, and we have the best team. Now we just need to raise the money. We thank you for any support you can give, no amount is too small. We have a great list of incentives you're sure to enjoy!Slainte!Patrick, Deidre, JR, Nora, and Olivia Risks and challenges We've done the research, the stars are aligned and our vocation is alive! Though the struggle is real and present, the biggest risk and challenge we face is time. Time is money. We want to get this out so we can be ready for bigger shows, tours, and festivals in the spring and summer of 2014. Bringing in professionals will solidify our product and get it moved, promoted and placed in the right hands. Without the money and time, we'd never be able to get this out on our own in a timely fashion. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter