TSE misson statement:The Tampa Spiritual Ensemble is dedicated to presenting The Tampa Bay Area with quality recitals, concerts, and Black History programs that feature celebrated and rising African-American composers and performing artists, as well as providing an impressive array of education and outreach programs. Our community outreach programs will actively engage audiences across a wide range of ages while further contributing to their cultural awareness, educational development and quality of life experience.Our artists are professional, classically trained and come from diverse backgrounds. Our members have performed internationally and nationally in Argentina, Austria, Brazil Philadelphia and tri-state areas, New York City, Sarasota, St. Petersburg, Tampa Bay, and Uruguay. Members have performed with Elysium Concert Opera of Philadelphia, Lancaster Opera Company, Mozart and Friend's Opera Company, Opera Tampa, St. Pete Opera, South Florida Lyric Opera, and Spanish Lyric Theater, concerts with Andrea Bocelli concert at the Tampa Bay Forum, Dubois Seven Last Words, and Handel's Messiah, choral ensembles and singing groups with Bel Canto Opera Singers, The Master Chorale of Tampa Bay, The Renaissance Singers and Richard Zielinski Singers and with orchestras Florida Orchestra, Imperial Symphony Orchestra, and Pinellas Park Civic Orchestra. TSE passion is to keep African American Spirituals music alive. Your support will bring to our concerts to life in the Tampa Bay area and neighboring cities. But in order to do this we need funds for music, instruments, rehearsals, promotional materials and travel expenses. We appreciate your support in funding this project! Risks and challenges We are a new group so we may have some setbacks and obstacles to overcome, but with faith in God and His grace we will persevere! We also understand that are project is a work in progress, but we feel confident that we will work hard to follow through, even when faced with challenges. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter