Have you ever had any of these problems? We've all faced the problem of plugging in our mobile device or headphones and our charging cable didn't work!! ugh!! Or the time you had a different phone than your friend and you had to use TWO different charging cables? You had to plug your headphones into one cord and your phone into another? The time your phone stopped holding a charge and started running out of battery way too fast? Your charging cord was all tangled up? Your mobile device was plugged in but you weren't sure if it was charging? You needed a quick charge and it seemed like an eternity? Well we've come up with a solution!! Now you can have a Universal and Intelligent charging cable with: • 2 in 1 charge and sync cable with micro USB and Apple MFI Certified lightning to charge your Android, iOS (iphones) and Bluetooth Headphones • The Highest Quality internal and external components with extreme durability and conductivity • Illuminated cord to visually confirm that your device is charging and how fast! • Tangle free, extra durable cord with velcro strap to help with tangle free management • Auto detect to verify the quality of your battery and charge it at the proper speed, maximizing the battery capacity • Auto Shut off to prevent overcharging, extending the life of your battery and your mobile device And… we have the Intelligent Lighting System in 5 colors so everyone can choose their favorite color! Dew Drop 2.1A Dual Port Smart USB Wall Adapter Package Example-Front Package Example-Back Please join us and be a part of bringing this much needed product to market and help us share this amazing technology with the world. Risks and challenges One of our challenges is helping people to correctly understand our technology. Although the Intelli-Charge has a smart lighting system, it won't light up when charging your bluetooth headphones due to the battery type. Even though you don't see the visual lighting system, don't let it confuse you...You are still getting the fastest charge possible. Additionally, the Intelli-Charge will show you if your battery is good or bad. If you do have a bad battery, the Intelli-Charge well let you know that you need a new one by only allowing the Intelligent lighting system to slow charge your mobile device. This will help to keep your battery efficient for the remainder of it's life. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter