Through technology, I want to create an on-line interactive course for college students to help them identify and change thoughts that cause unwanted anxieties. This course will be available at no cost to students and accessible 24/7.This endeavor will be a non-profit organization.Recently it has been reported that universities do NOT have enough resources to help students deal with anxiety issues. Psychotherapy and student consolers are very expensive and cannot provide adequate services to cover the overwhelming requests of the students. - Anxious Students Strain College Mental Health Centers:http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/05/27/anxious-students-strain-college-mental-health-centers/?ref=science- College students’ mental health is a growing concern, survey finds:http://www.apa.org/monitor/2013/06/college-students.aspx- Students under pressure:http://www.apa.org/monitor/2014/09/cover-pressure.aspxI know about the agony of anxiety because I personally have dealt with anxiety most of my life. I've spent thousands of hours (yes, in the video I say hundreds of hours, but it really has been thousands) researching the topic of anxiety management. And now I want to apply all that research and experiential knowledge to help others; specifically young college students.I have already spent over a year developing "a generalized" on-line course.It is called "The 18-day Hell-2-Heaven Course" (H2H). It has nothing to do with religion, rather it helps people identify and change negative thoughts that may be responsible for their anxiety. I want to use the framework of this on-line course to build a specific course to help college students.www.hell-2-heaven.org/The current 18-day Course is an interactive awareness application that was built upon the concept of Mindfulness Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (MCBT). It is to help a person, by means of web technology, to identify patterns of thinking that are associated with negative moods then utilize the resources of the mind to change them. This is referred to as mind-sight (per UCLA Mindful Awareness Research Center). This strategy is to help people become aware of their mental processes so they can start to understand the link between their thoughts and their feelings. It has been proven that the beliefs you have about who you think you are and how you perceive the world does influence how you feel. Feeling good has everything to do with quality of your thoughts.The 18-day Course was built as an experimental prototype. It is easy to sign-up for and easy to interact with. This feature is good because most people who struggle with anxiety do not want another time consuming obligation on their agenda and yet they want to experience beneficial results.Short summary of how the current 18-day web-course works:- It takes 20 minutes to sign-up.- It takes 15 minutes of interaction a day.- The system sends a thoughtful text or email every 2 hours during your day for the 18 day period.- It sends a unique "End of the Day" email at the end of each day. Those emails contain; > A daily theme > A review of previously answered question from the original profile set-up > A daily thought > 2-4 daily questions to answer > A review of the texts and emails that they had received during the day- Also the course has the option for the participant to have a friend go through the process with them.I conducted a beta test that consisted of 87 participants and it was very successful.Below are comments from some of the participants who completed the18-day Course.Maria - "This is a great course, thank you! I can tell this has made a huge difference in me."Rosetta - "I was able to refocus; it gave me a different perspective on how I can tackle my anxiety."Kyle - "I truly believe I have begun to change the way I perceive my fears and other negative emotions."Jolene - "It helped me get my thoughts back on track."Morton - "Every day it reaffirmed that I was ultimately in control. It was cool."Wilma - "Choosing to reflect calmly on what I was experiencing every day helped me a lot." Angela - "The most important part to me was that it reminded me that I was not alone in my feelings." Candice - "It helped me step back and realize my anxieties aren't as bad as I think they are."Derick - "It caused me to reflect on my daily thoughts and examine how much they affect my actions."DeDe – "Yes, it helped me to realize that my perceptions may not always be correct."Theo – "The text messages I received throughout the day helped me to stop and examine if my thoughts were being helpful or destructive."Next steps:I will assemble a dedicated team, which would include 3 college students and a psychotherapist, to build an all-encompassing on-line course for college students. We will adapt the basic framework from the generalized 18-day version and add new concepts spawned by our team which will form the new college student version. The finished product will be licensed to universities so they can offer it to their students for FREE. (As mentioned earlier, this will be a non-profit organization.)The product we create will NOT solve every young person's anxiety problem. Some people have anxiety disorders caused by chemical imbalances, genetics, medical illness, psychosis, brain abnormalities, etc. This project will not be for them.I have a very realistic objective to help a large segment of anxiety ridden young adults who have the capacity to change their troubled mindset by using the on-line course technology we will create for them.Tasks to execute after funding.1. Build a team of 3 college students and psychotherapist2. Modify new profile questions to be appropriate for the college life style.3. Revise the content to daily messages.4. Modify the content to the end of the day emails.5. Create new website with the focus on explaining process and the course intentions.6. Create 18 daily videos with each to have a specific positive message.7. Assemble advisory board consisting of business professionals to provide strategic guidance.8. Organize and implement the phase-2 beta test of the college version.9. Create marketing strategy for "The Course" to be licensed to universities.Estimated time-line is about 120 days.I am very excited about this on-line application for college students and I know our Team will always be ready to bring additional ideas for future development. Such as;Create additional on-line courses for other specific demographics.Participants can post stories about their struggles with anxiety (voluntary).Participants can post how they overcame the difficulties of fear and anxiety (crowd sharing).Create short videos about anxiety.Construct practical (real life) examples of behaviors needing change.Post articles and links about anxiety.Provide specific advice for specific anxiety situations.Blog.The ultimate goal is to help young people identify negative thoughts and learn to replace them with positive thoughts which can eliminate anxiety and increase joy.Wonderful things can happen when we learn how to avoid the storms of anxiety and discover a clear path to joy!Thanks for your support at any level. Risks and challenges The Vision and the Risk. Vision To develop a specific on-line application to help college students identify and change non-beneficial negative thoughts to positive thoughts that would support the advancement of feeling good about themselves and the world they live in. Risk I have already acknowledged this on-line course will NOT work for everyone. However, we do know from the beta test that it does help many people. I am confident that we will build an application that will get remarkable results. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter