Bitidentify Technology make your computer unhackable.About this analysis:The entire IT infrastructure is the largest source of the illegal change of ownership of intellectual property. In an organization with thousands of people involved, the risk that some do not follow the safety rules is very likely. It is of the utmost strategic importance to put an end to this phenomenon, so that our economy ultimately not suffer more damage. It is in nearly every person's mind to get a technology how stop cyber hacking. Bitidentify Technology is a patented security hardware, allows no options for human error or rationalizing in the working process. The safety regulations are built into the technology means of hardware and cannot be bypassed. OverviewBitidentify is a hardware-based storage technology that can be integrated in any device that sends and receives information. The system stores sensitive data on a separate hardware layer, which is protected from any unauthorized access. The technology is patented and can be integrated in a different range of devices, from mobile phones and laptops to more sophisticated equipment that sends and receives digital signals.The full-fledged Bitidentify system unit is un-hackable, it can be standalone or connected to networked workstation, on which secure data is kept apart from public data on a separate hardware layer. The technology effectively forms a shield around the normal IT components and acts as a hardware proxy for all communication in and out of the unit, as well as control access to the storage unit.The storage is divided in to three areas: operating system, open storage and a secure storage. The access control works in three modes. The operating system storage (“c: drive”) is non-persistent, meaning that it will revert to initial state after every reboot.1. Secure mode: read only access to open storage, full access to secure storage, secure Intranet access, physically disconnected Internet2. Open mode: full access to open storage, physically disconnected Intranet access and full Internet access3. Administrator mode: to change the non-persistent drive’s data (installations, updates etc.)We have three products: Bitidentify Pro, Bitidentify Standard and Bitidentify Cell Phone.1. Bitidentify Pro provides you a thorough data protection solution, defense industry, technical production industries, banks and government.2. Bitidentify Standard set up a safe working environment and protects the OS (Operating System) of user’s computer, a very comfortable solution for the private market.3. Bitidentify Secure Phone Technology provides you the total safety technology from computer to phone.Switching between the modes is done via flipping the mode-switch and a full re-boot of the system. The system is completely transparent to the operating system (OS) and thus any OS can be used.Also USB ports are inactivated or using special customized connectors, so the use of a standard USB stick to move data out of the secure drives is impossible.Network cables for the secure side is using alternative connectors and wiring to avoid any mix-ups.SummaryBitidentify Technology is a concept intended for organizations that need the highest possible protection of their secure data against outside threats. It also gives a level of protection from internal threats by not allowing data to flow out in any form from the secure to the public networks. Risks and challenges We have now reached the point where these “Firewalls" no longer afford to guarantee adequate Security. The ideal solution is a technology, allowing no unauthorized access of any kind. In order to develop this type of security technology, totally new strategies need to be planned and developed. Bitidentify is not hardware or software dependent. This indicates a long life cycle. The world's first IT technology which cannot be hacked! PURE HARDWARE NO DRIVERS The best “ENCRYPTION AND DECRYPTION ALGORITHM” are useless if the transmitter and receiver are already compromised. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter