About this project We know Sacramento is awesome, and we want everyone else to know it too.When was the last time you gushed to a new friend about how great your favorite restaurant is? Do you find yourself wishing Sacramento got as much credit for its arts, culture, and food scene as California’s other cities? Or maybe you just want to know what’s going on this weekend or want to spice up your routine and try something new. In the Sac is an app for both locals and visitors in Sacramento, highlighting all there is to see and do in the city. From our established arts and music scene to our array of nationally recognized coffee shops and our focus on farm-to-table restaurants, our beautiful parks, or our great selection of happy hour spots, there’s something for everyone. Visitors to Sacramento can learn where to eat, shop, drink, relax, and more. But the app isn’t just for tourists. Sacramento residents can also learn something new, stumbling across restaurants and shops they didn’t even know existed in all their years of living in the city. You’ll fall in love with Sacramento all over again with a fresh perspective on what to see, do, and eat in your own town. It’s not always obvious how amazing Sacramento is, but there are plenty of hidden gems waiting to be discovered. Unfortunately, because there’s not a resource to find them, they’re often passed over for popular chains that lack the heart of the city. In the Sac changes that, putting the city’s highlights front and center for everyone to enjoy. We’ll take you on curated tours of the best in each category, highlighting everything in the city, not only those recommended by sponsors like other apps. Instead of settling for whatever is closest or familiar, we’ll open your eyes to the entire city, with recommendation and help from locals of course. It’s like a good friend in your pocket who’s always brimming with recommendations and advice. In the Sac is the only local, intuitive, and interactive guide for Sacramento, and we’re excited to work with our local partners to host fun events, and to get more recommendations from local residents like you. In the Sac is for Sacramento, by Sacramento, in Sacramento. Get ready to explore your city! Risks and challenges Challenges: Simplicity: We have a tribe of enthusiastic young Sacramentans who we meet with regularly to help guide our development efforts. They have so many great ideas about what they want from the app, and our challenge has been to make it all doable while keeping it simple. Time: It has taken us more than a year to create the plan to develop the app, research existing apps, raise initial funding, find partners, and get the word out. Monetization: We've struggled to figure out how to monetize the app. We want to ensure the app provides authentic recommendations, so we will not accept funding from any organization that would like to influence the recommendations featured. Our focus and our purpose is not to make money, but to create a vehicle that doesn't currently exist in our city to show Sacramentans and visitors alike how wonderful this Sacramento is. The app will be free, which is a crucial part of our goal, but our challenge is how to monetize it to keep it running. Platforms: We want to ensure our app is accessible to as many users as possible, which means development for Android and Apple. This adds to the development costs. Cost: It is incredibly important to us that each vendor we work with be a local small business. It would be much cheaper, for example, to hire an app developer from another country, but we want to support local Sacramento entrepreneurs. That's what this is all about! We realize it's going to take investment to build the app, market the app, and maintain the app. In addition, as time moves on we will update and enhance which will mean more investment. At the end of the day, our challenges come down to dollars and cents. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter