// About //Party with a Local is a free app that connects travelers and locals that want to party. It's a global app with a growing community of users in 160 countries & 3000 cities across 7 continents - including Antarctica. Most importantly people are using the app to meet (and party) in real-life all over the world - it works.Help us improve the app and grow the community to YOU can use the app to party with a local everywhere!Check out our website and download the app on iOS or Android to see more of what we’re all about. Party with a Local in action around the world: Party with a Local in action in Amsterdam Party with a Local in action around the world (clockwise) - Barcelona, Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur, Amsterdam, New York, Dubai, Antarctica We recently went from long-time side project to full-time startup and the results have been good. Very good. We think we've achieved a lot with very little resources.Some Recent Highlights : We launched our app on Android Launched a re-design and new features on iOS Our user base has been growing at 5% - 10% every week for the last 4 months We launched a new Website & Blog We have new additions to our team - dedicated and motivated developers who are really hustling to improve the app (and who live the Party with a Local concept) We were Voted #1 on Product Hunt, twice We were featured on TV all over the world on BBC World We've been a Top 10 Travel App in 12 countries We got heaps of other great press coverage including on Springwise, LifeHacker & HostelWorld and have been covered by mainstream newspapers and TV in Brazil, Japan, Spain and Iran. Founder Dan Fennessy was invited to speak at the World Travel Market in London as a 'Mobile Innovator' We threw some great parties and nights out, including Party with a Local, on a Boat in Amsterdam. Party with a Local, on a boat // Your Help //We need your to keep our momentum going. Your Support will mean we can add much needed features to the app, grow our community of active users, and throw more fun parties!Our goal is to create an app that YOU can use it to party with a local anywhere.We've spent a lot of time working on what the future of Party with a Local will be, and thanks to the great feedback we get from our users, we know what to build next in the app, some of what we will build next: The thing is, it takes a lot of time and resources to build new features, to pay hosting and web services to cope with our growing database of users, and to organise events. We've done a hell of a lot on a tight budget with a part-time team - we just need to keep going now.New Features we will add in the app with your Support include: Login without Facebook, a Local/Traveller Filter and set your Party Status in the app for different times. Plus we'll fix a few small bugs and get the Android app up to date with iOS.IF we happen to go over our goal amount and raise €15k or more, we'll throw a big funding party in Amsterdam which you are all invited to.// Why Crowdfunding? //The short answer - we need money to make it happen.The longer answer - We've pushed our self-funding resources to the limit to get where we are and it's been totally worth it. We've been talking to investors the last few months too, and while there is some warm interest, feedback from them is that we need to keep pushing features and growing our user base for investment to happen. What about Business model? Yes, we have several we are working on - but we need a better app to realise our business model ideas, and more users for them to become interesting and scalable. The good news is that we want to see Party with a Local’s vision realised as soon as possible! Hence the Crowdfunding Campaign to help us get there ASAP.// Rewards //We wanted to have Rewards for Supporting us that get people like you more involved in Party with a Local - and more excited about using the app. That's why we are offering the opportunity to become a Super Local or City Captain - get extra features in the app and other perks reserved for our most active users.Flags / Capes - believe it or not, lots of our users have asked us for Capes! They ask, we deliver.Kings Day - one of the biggest and best annual city parties in the world. The absolute best way to enjoy it is as the locals do - on a party boat (with 100s of other party boats filling the canals, in a sea of orange). We have confirmed the biggest open party boat in Amsterdam that can still go on the canals, with a DJ, drinks and food included. Will be epic. Kings Day Boat Party - Party with and like the Locals do Sponsorship - We think we're a pretty interesting company to partner with - we have a wide reach and a growing community of millennials (18 - 35 year olds) who love nightlife and travel regularly.// Users //The best thing about Party with a Local is our growing community of users. With your support we will grow the number of active users and Super Locals and push in to new cities, so you can really party with a local all over the world. Our Top 10 Cities so far // Why Party with a Local //The reason Party with a Local exists is that without it there isn't really a fast, easy and spontaneous ways to meet locals and have a great night out while you are traveling (Note: we're NOT a dating app and you don't stay on someone's couch). See Locals and Travelers Nearby. Chat, Meet, Party = Simple. Thanks heaps for your Support! Risks and challenges We've got a great team and we're pretty used getting a lot done on a tight budget and in a short timeframe. Your support means we should be able to deliver everything we promised in record time. With any project there can be setbacks and complications - something that sounds easy can actually be complicated to develop. We'll keep you posted on app updates and progress throughout the process anyway! Shipping of stickers and flags may take longer depending on where you live. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter