Main Funding Goal Reached!Thanks to you, Habitat has reached orbit! We are so thankful to bring this game to the world. Please help us add even more great features by supporting our Stretch Goals! Pledge $35 or Above to Get Your Xbox One Copy!We are pleased to announce that copies of Habitat for Xbox One are now available as a backer reward! Find the "PLUS XBOX ONE" tier at $35 - pledge this tier or above to get one copy of Habitat for Xbox One when it launches, in addition to all the other rewards listed at the selected tier.If you're already pledged at any $35 tier or above, you're already in. For other questions about the tier and pricing, please see this FAQ entry. What the Press Are Saying about Habitat:“Rife with opportunities for both destruction and discovery” - Rock, Paper, Shotgun“Habitat is a game to watch” - Hardcore Gamer“A beautiful game with a revolutionary concept" - Niche Gamer“Habitat is a game that definitely stands in a class of its own” - Omnicomic $70,000: Individual Tech Trees for Citizens and Engineers - Upgrade the world of Habitat even more with genetic and technology upgrades for your each of your citizens and engineers. $85,000: Programmable AI Habitats - Automate habitats using a powerful and easy-to-use visual editor to make habitats scout and explore, track threats, auto-build and fight enemies. $100,000: Rocket Arena - Battle against 3 other friends on the same machine in a timed race to construct and destroy using a shared field of debris. $115,000: Modding Support - Script, skin, and share your own creations with others. Import your own models and write scripts to control how your creations behave in-game. $125,000: Tower Defense Mode - In Habitat's twist on a classic genre, send and control waves of Habitats to try and take out an enemy stronghold. $150,000: Dungeon Master Multiplayer - Asymmetric Internet multiplayer, where one player becomes the almighty dungeon master with control over events and anomalies on the map while another player tries to finish their objective. Habitat is a real-time, physics-driven orbital strategy game for PC, Mac, Linux and Xbox One where you build, fly, and fight with unique space stations you create out of space junk orbiting earth.The basic mission structure is about fast-paced, emergent fun by building combinations of junk that work together, to support life or to destroy it. Exploration and resource management is combined with physics-based flight and combat in orbit to bring your space station creations to life. Any Object, Debris and Junk can be used to craft your Habitat: Attach objects together in any order, out to any size. Build tiny invaders or huge platforms. Jettison whole chunks and re-combine with others to create new orbital stations; as many as you want, whenever you want. Don’t think it can fly? Attach a Rocket to it! Fly your creations big or small by attaching rockets and letting physics do the work. Massive stations can be expertly flown to their destinations or turned into whirling kill-vehicles, all with rocket physics. Salvage wreckage to your gain: Fight enemy habitats with your creations, crack them apart, and harvest their junk pieces to add on to your own habitats. Everything is upgradable: Mine asteroid resources and research a full tech tree to upgrade your habitats with stronger materials, beefier rockets and special powers. Habitat’s game modes will include:Sandbox mode: A persistent world for building and creating, populated by a procedural engine to give you new fields of junk to explore each time you start a new game.Campaign mode: A narratively-driven experience that will have you taking on exploration, building, and fighting in a race to save humanity from a nano-machine army consuming Earth. Step One - Explore, Discover, and Combine Junk Explore a vast orbital playground: a huge playing field around the earth, from near-earth to the “graveyard” orbits further out. Humanity’s history is yours to use: not just satellites and shuttles, you’ll find and use the structures and vehicles from entire civilizations. Combine and recombine: weld junk together any way you want. Merge and split habitats, even while in flight or in combat. Step Two - Specialize, Upgrade, and Unlock Tech Special powers, hidden potential: each type of junk has different uses and powers you unlock by attaching and upgrading as part of your habitat. Life and crisis in orbit: manage oxygen, electricity, food and living space for your citizens; and respond creatively as things go wrong in space. Advance and evolve: discover advanced technologies with a full tech tree, and specialize your research to evolve into a spacefaring superpower. Step Three - Fly, Fight, and Expand your Habitats Just add rockets: every city is a flying city; attach boosters, thrusters, even ICBMs to take your habitats deeper into space with a physics-driven flight simulation. Smash and grab: take on enemy habitats with kinetic orbital weapons you build; find weak spots and tear them apart to salvage their pieces for your own habitat. Your orbital empire: make as many habitats as you want; network them with power transmission, automated defenses, sensor arrays and more to build humanity’s future in orbit. Habitat is proud to have an original score from veteran composer Alexander Brandon, who has scored an incredible list of titles, including the original Unreal, Deus Ex, Tyrian and many more. Read more about Alex and his studio Funky Rustic here!Listen to the main theme song of Habitat on SoundCloud: Why Alex is excited about Habitat, in his own words: Pledge $35 or Above to Get Your Xbox One Copy!We are pleased to announce that copies of Habitat for Xbox One are now available as a backer reward! Find the "PLUS XBOX ONE" tier at $35 - pledge this tier or above to get one copy of Habitat for Xbox One when it launches, in addition to all the other rewards listed at that tier.If you're already pledged at any $35 tier or above, you're already in. For other questions about the tier and pricing, please see this FAQ entry. As announced at the Game Developers Conference in March, Habitat will be coming to Xbox One, the all-in-one games and entertainment system from Microsoft. As an independent title from ID@Xbox, the self-publishing program for independent developers on Xbox One, you’ll be able to build, explore, and go crazy with rockets right from the comfort of your living room.Habitat’s unique build-fly-and-fight mechanics work smoothly on gamepads as well as the traditional keyboard and mouse; at Habitat’s first showing at the Xbox One event in San Francisco, participants let us know constantly how natural the controls felt with a gamepad. The Xbox One also gives us unique opportunities to explore additional inputs such as Kinect and SmartGlass. Habitat is currently in development at 4gency’s HQ in Seattle, Washington. The first build was shown at Game Developers Conference in March 2014. We're well underway. The game is playable, stable, and ready to expand with more junk types, advanced features and a full campaign. We're making this a community effort. This is a game that’s right for early access Alpha and Beta programs, and we're sprinting forward to bring you early builds as soon as possible. We need your help to cross the finish line. Our target for backers is the minimum amount we forecast it will take to get this game into your hands, where we can continue making improvements based on your feedback. We want Habitat to be a game that you love, one that you'll want to continue playing because it keeps surprising, inspiring, and exciting you.Your support as a backer goes directly to our development budget; the code and art that go into the game you'll be playing.Our schedule looks like this: March 2014: Development build at GDC (DONE!) April 2014: Kickstarter campaign Summer 2014: Alpha with backers and early adopters Fall 2014: Beta with wider community support Holiday 2014: v1.0 Release on PC, Mac, Linux, Xbox One We want to focus on making sure the game has the features you want. As our Alpha and Beta programs go on we'll be dialing in the final release date.The Team4gency is an indie game studio in Seattle, Washington. Founded by Charles Cox, a ten-year veteran of the video game industry, 4gency brings experience from Zipper Interactive, Microsoft Game Studios, Amazon, Big Fish Games, Sierra Studios and Pipeworks. Charles Cox | Founder, CEO We were founded in 2011 by Charles, who brings a over a decade of experience spanning PC, Xbox, Playstation and Mobile as a designer, programmer and management professional. Alex Schoner | Creative Director Alex is a designer, hyper modernist, and avid gamer of the digital age. He brings heavyweight experience from being in-house design for industry titans, as well being a design leader in Seattle. Elbert Perez | Development Director Elbert is a one-two punch of technical and creative thinking in a passionate persona and has worked on and self published more than 25 indie and AAA games since 2005. Chris Chin | 3D Artist Chris is a 3D specialist with over a decade’s worth of digital media experience and well over a dozen shipped titles across PC, console, handheld and mobile platforms. Henry Tang | Programmer Henry is an accomplished game programmer of over seven years, who has worked across multiple platforms and titles, specializing in gameplay and user interface development. Risks and challenges Our team at 4gency has deep experience in planning, focusing, and steering game projects through rough waters. We plan to address challenges along with opportunities using three key principles: transparency, priority, and agility. - Transparency means you'll hear about the tough choices. If dates or features need to change, you'll know why. - Priority means you - our backers - come first. What we've promised, we'll deliver, and we'll always keep that top of mind, in every discussion. - Agility means we'll find a way. We have no great boulders of policy that have to move when we need to make a call. We won't stall out on the decisions that need to be made. We're going to pick the direction we feel is right for you, right for the product and right for us, and go. It's not always going to be smooth sailing. But we're keeping our priority on you, our transparency levels high, and our agile sneakers on. We're going to build a great game for you. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter