GenSmart 1000 - portable power made easy We all take power for granted; we flip a switch and the light turns on. We all assume it will be there until it isn't. Anyone who has ever experienced a hurricane, blizzard or other disaster and lost power, quickly understands the need for a generator. Charge your phone or computer, run lights or a TV and even a refrigerator. All from a 12lb generator called GenSmart 1000. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 If you currently have a generator, you know that a 1500 watt model weighs about 50 lbs or more. If there existed a unit that only weighed 12lbs and still provided the same power then the added portability would make it more useful to more people and in more situations. When we started this project, the goal was to make a generator for millennials. You see, existing generators are made by engine companies. Honda, Yamaha, Briggs & Stratton all started and still make engines as their primary business. On the other hand, we are electrical engineers (computer guys) and we designed a generator from the ground up based on today's needs (charge your phone/tablet, small & portable, simple & easy to use, indoor power, built-in battery, eco-friendly...). It's a generator that anyone can use. So we felt the units had to be very light and portable. They had to be small so they could be stored and used in apartments and confined spaces. Ideally, we wanted a generator someone could put on a windowsill, with the exhaust facing out the window. Last of all, they needed to be very simple to use with auto start/stop - no pull cords - just turn on a switch, and it all works. Currently, portable generators are heavy, they need the engine to be running to produce power and they require you use the pull cord and choke to start the engine. Our system is super light, fully automatic and can provide power even with the engine off. Think a super lightweight UPS (uninterruptible power supply) with an automatic engine to charge the battery. Given this new size and functionality, the market becomes wide open to all sorts of possibilities. Someone could easily put one in a backpack and climb the highest mountain or go into the deepest jungle. We see great Humanitarian possibilities - if we meet our stretch goal of $150,000 we would like to donate five units to “Doctors without Borders” and other Humanitarian causes. Right now generators are either on, and producing power, or off. Our goal is to team-up batteries with a generator, creating a Hybrid model. Today, generators over-produce power - and that power is wasted. With our Hybrid model, the power is never wasted and the generator becomes truly smart.We monitor the power demands of whatever is plugged-in and the state of the batteries to determine when we need to start the engine to produce power. If a small load is connected, we will defer turning on the engine until the battery has been discharged to about 30% capacity. So if you have small power requirements, like charging a phone or tablet, you would be able to plug in the device without the engine starting. We will monitor the consumption and minimize run time to save fuel and power.Furthermore, with our Hybrid model, we produce short power boosts that far exceed the engine's capabilities making our generator not only smaller and lighter but also more powerful, capable of powering tools and appliances that could not be used with conventional portable generators. Portable generators are normally fueled by gasoline. The problem with gasoline is that it is very flammable and has a very strong odor. For those reasons, we chose a methanol based fuel. Alcohol fuels are renewable, less flammable and virtually odor free making them ideal for storage in your apartment, home or business. GenSmart makes the only urban/apartment friendly generator. In search of the ultimate design we have built many prototypes and conducted extensive durability tests. New front panel Thanks for checking us out! We'd love it if you can spread the word about GenSmart to your friends. So tweet about us or share us on Facebook Visit us at eMerge Americas in Miami on May 4-5th. Promotional help by :http://kickingitforward.org Risks and challenges Noise We are working hard to reduce the noise level our generator makes when the engine is on. At full power our 1000w produces 88dB and we are working to bring it down to 78dB and below. The great news is that our generator makes no noise when the engine is off which is quite often. Manufacturing Final assembly will be done in the USA. We are working with experienced manufacturers in Japan, Italy and China to source the components that go into the GenSmart generators. Final look and specs are subject to change but not in a substantive way. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter