What is Fynd?Fynd is an iOS application enabling you to plug in to your college campus and campuses around you. Locate any kind of event, from a fraternity party to a study group. With the live feed function, you can see what your friends are interested in, RSVP’ed to, or even where they are. Fynd appeals to the introvert, the college freshman that is struggling to find things to do around campus, and the social butterfly looking for his/her next party. Unlike Apps such as Facebook, Snapchat, and Twitter, Fynd is centered around “doing” and engaging with those around you. Everyone wants to be in the know and through Fynd, you will know everything that is going on around you, whether you’re looking for a pick-up soccer game, an underground concert, or a charity event in which you can get involved. Fynd marries the concept of social media with the human interaction that everyone craves. Because the app is only open to college students, you’ll always be surrounded by people who are just like you. You can also see who’s there, the gender ratio, as well as other information that is important to college students when deciding where to spend their time. What makes Fynd different: We understand that some colleges already have apps like this, and that is partly why we created Fynd. We talked to a lot of students from many universities across the United States, and one theme emerged from those conversations: those apps aren't used by many students. That isn't because there isn't a need for the app, but because the app is normally low quality and ironically perpetuates the problem it aims to solve—segregation. The app may connect students on that one campus in a small sense, but it does nothing to bridge the gap between campuses in the same city. With Fynd, you aren't limited to your own college. You are given the option to Plugg in to campuses around you by entering the exclusive Plugg of that college. Fynd makes social barriers a thing of the past by connecting you to the growing network of events and college students around you. Why we had the idea for Fynd: As students who went to a small boarding school in rural Delaware that did not have wifi, we had a strong sense of community. The transition from a school of 300, to a university of 15,000 was rough. We went from every moment of our day being planned out to suddenly having a lot of free time. We struggled finding events and never knew when things were going on around campus. The issue was not the lack of events, but the lack of awareness we had regarding what, when, and where. We knew that there were many things to do, but how do you find out about them? We then surveyed over 200 students at 30 universities and found that we were not alone. Students are currently finding out about events through word of mouth and Facebook. However, those means of discovery limit you to the events that your friends already know about. Fynd connects you to events and experiences that you may not have found otherwise. What the merch looks like: Pluggd Hat Pluggd Short Sleeved T-Shirt Pluggd Long Sleeved T-Shirt Pluggd Quarter-Zip Risks and challenges The app has yet to launch. Fynd is scheduled to launch mid-August and will be available to all college students, starting at Northeastern University, early September. There should be no problems as development continues, other than minor speed bumps that ultimately will not have an effect on the launch date. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter