(Please be informed that a detailed video is in process of being developed to highlight the reasons and requirements for this critical project). Please return to witness this video at a later date. Thank You from your friends at ATR !!! OKThe genesis to this project was found late one night by working with advanced games theory being applied to cyber-security problems for developing counter-measures to cyber-based attacks in the forms of malicious programs that are developed and designed to specifically HURT YOU as the operator of your typical computer system (Mac, PC, and Linux). I was watching an episode from the television series "The Walking Dead" and wondered if the same advanced game theoretic techniques we were using for cyber-security were applicable or even "survivable" to counter the event of a Zombie Apocalypse. This project is concerned with the following:A fantasy-based thought experiment that will be conducted within high-performance computing statistical models within both parallel R and OpenCL source code that will be executed in both Graphics processing units and FPGA-based devices. Backers to this project will have exclusive access to the developed source code, statistical survival models, and exlusive access to the main survival strategy found if it does indeed exist. This project will then conclude ( November 2014 ) with the development of an entertaining manuscript or novel that will outline the hypothesis, approaches executed, and results obtained, as well as, the possible use of these very same game theoretic strategies to be applied to real-world scenarios of cyber-security and to state the relationship between both Zombies and Malware. The development of this manuscript is directly concerned with testing the very limits regarding Advanced or Adaptive Game Theory within a fantasy event of a Zombie Apocalypse and would allow us to possibly see the limitations and even the fatal failures of Game Theory in general in the face of a multi-dimensional uncertain event that would be found when Society itself surrenders in the face of such a hypothetical and violent event...... The manuscript will also include details as to how adverse weather, environments (temperate, tropical, and desert), and vanishing resources directly and dynamically and chaotically adversely affects ones plans of survival within a Zombie apocalypse. Likewise, there will be a analogous details concerning these same survival plans within cyber-defense applications against Malware. Risks and challenges The first risk to this endeavor is the following: How to adequately test, evaluate, verify, and then finally validate the use of advanced games theory techniques being applied to survive a zombie apocalypse would be as to how one could test scenarios and conjectures involving as to which test Advanced Games Theoretic concepts such as Nash Equilibrium theories, zero-sum game theories, and Bayesian "take-no-prisoners" games would be the most effective and survivable techniques throughout the entire games theory domain. This would be the first and primary risk is to develop the correct and feasible mathematical simulations and solutions involving life and death decisions within this manuscript that might provide light to this unique endeavor. These developed strategies to a Zombie apocalpyse could allow one to apply the same critical lessons learned within a Zombie apocalypse to be directly applied to the important "everyday" realms of cyber-security ( Intelligent Brute-Force Attacks etc) and basic human survival in situations where law and order have ceased to exist in a fallen society (Immediate Post Katrina Disaster Areas). However, the benefits would be to see the successes, limitations, and more importantly the critical flaws and failures of adaptive game theory being applied to develop survival strategies to both the Zombie apocalypse and cyber-security applications. The solutions to developing Adaptive Game Theory based strategies would, at this time of development for this manuscript, require that these same strategies to be at first verified and validated within high-performance based machines. These high-performance based machines would be multi-core systems and FPGA-accelerated based devices to determine the most superior survival strategies. Therefore, any and all backers to this project would have priveledge access and exclusivity to the results and Zombie survival plans obtained as the result of this project being successfully funded and executed. There would also be exclusive assistance to these very same backers in applying superior Zombie survival plans to be deployed within cyber-security applications. As a final note, this is just the beginning....... I should state that the video game outline that will be created within this manuscript or novel will also contain a detailed discussion on a new hyper-violent Zombie survival video game that will be based on chaos and on the use of Game Theory that will constantly force the player to avoid the simplest but deadliest of mistakes during a Zombie Apocalypse during execution of the video game itself. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter