A 360 degree approach to pet care. Felcana takes a whole home approach to understanding your cat or dog. Our Helix health tracker on their collar works with our Mirco-Location Beacons around the home to monitor all aspects of their health, behaviour and environment. Using subtle Micro-Location Beacons, the Felcana system measures: activity; drinking; eating; sleeping; ambient temperature; and home location. This 360 degree approach means you can understand your pet’s normal, and set goals for a healthy life together. With its comfortable and durable design, precise engineering and waterproof construction, Felcana meets the toughest daily demands of your cat or dog. Felcana has four core components making up the Felcana Pack: Helix: a smart device that attaches to any cat or dog collar to track activity Micro-Location Beacons: positioned around your home to track behavioural and environmental factors Home Hub: Helix’s charging station, range extender, and your pet’s data nest Universal clip: comfortably and securely connects Helix to any collar Felcana was created by veterinarians for pet owners – the app is able to intelligently understand key signs of illness in every pet. We also know that pets are individuals – the app picks up on your cat or dog’s uniqueness and tailors insights according to habits and personality. Has your dog started sleeping a lot more, is your cat eating less. Know your pets normal. Felcana is designed specifically for cats and dogs. The Helix is lightweight, miniaturised and comfortable for your pet. It’s also durable, robust and waterproof in order to withstand your cat or dog’s toughest adventures. The Felcana ecosystem is designed for you and your pet to stay connected all day, every day, providing reassurance for you, and cloud-based data for your vet. Felcana is controlled through the free Felcana app. Our intelligent app translates pet sensor data and user inputs into actionable insights for truly personalised pet healthcare. 100% free – no monthly subscription or hidden fees Mobile app available on iOS and Android Web app available for both desktop and mobile browsers All our apps and APIs are free for all users and third parties Compatible with Fitbit and Jawbone human fitness trackers Use the app to: View your pet’s health at a glance using the easy-to-read health dashboard Track progress of any custom-set health goals and monitor any significant changes in activity or behaviour Receive early warning when your pet is unwell Connect with your vet, dog walker, trainer, groomer or anyone else important in your pet’s life A world-class team of veterinarians and engineers have developed Felcana: to be the best, for your pet, for you and your vet. We’ve spent the last year designing, testing, and refining Felcana with: Pet owners and their pets Vets, vet nurses, and vet technicians Dog walkers and groomers Pet retailers Ergonomics experts The prototype works beautifully and we’ve found great suppliers and production manufacturers to create our devices so you can listen to your pet. Our Kickstarter pledges will allow Felcana to improve the health and welfare of pets across the world. We want you and your pets to be part of our story. Testing the Micro-Location Beacons Our mission is to enhance animal health and wellbeing. We pledge to donate 1% of our revenue to a group of certified non-profits and shelters. Please note that per Kickstarter guidelines, we cannot use this crowdfunding project to raise funds for charity. We will certainly support our beneficiary orgs outside of Kickstarter, and celebrate this commitment with our backer community. A big thank you to everyone who has helped us on our journey! A special shout out to those that have helped us launch on Kickstarter: Ian Stroud, Veterinary Director at Vet4Life Dr Jennifer Irving, Veterinary Surgeon Dr Matthew Allen, Department of Veterinary Medicine, University of Cambridge Ashley, Becky, Dalton and Lawrence our fantastic veterinary interns Everyone that has been involved at the Royal Veterinary College All the veterinarians that we interviewed during development including Mrs Gudrun Ravetz, Miss Sophie Kay, Dr Corrado Fornengo, Mr Maciej Niedbala, Dr Bradley Viner, Dr Oli Viner Luke Roberts, Peak Design Jennifer and Olivia Thompson for their help with filming on location, Clare Willmey and her Dalmatians Juno and Oliver, Norma Miller and Homer the Miniature Australian Labradoodle, Tina Naro and Meekus the Ragdoll, Ruby the Whippet ...and to everyone that has helped us with hints, tips and advice Risks and challenges The Felcana team invents and makes (and some of us are veterinary surgeons too). Between us we've created and delivered numerous digital products and consumer electronics devices. We've worked at Dyson, Raspberry Pi, SAM Labs, Morphy Richards, and Bain & Company (not to mention vet clinics, animal shelters, dog groomers and farms!). There are always challenges, but our promise is that we'll rise to meet them with all our might. As we always have done. We'll do everything in our power to leave our backers well looked after, and deliver their rewards on-time or early. Felcana devices will be certified to operate in the regions we sell them in. We're working with Underwriters' Laboratories (UL), the global leader in testing and certification, to ensure all requirements are met. We've given a conservative estimate of delivery dates. We're committed to keeping you informed of our progress in the months following the campaign. Our promise to deliver will be challenged at all times by the known complexities of manufacturing, production scheduling, shipping between continents, and more. In the event that unexpected issues arise in the delivery schedule, we will do our utmost to minimize the impact on our backers and dedicate ourselves to providing the best, most honest, experience. As a backer you're incredibly important to us and we look forward to making you and your pets part of our story. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter