Several years ago I had an idea to create a website that would compete with myspace. Most of friends told me it would be impossible to compete with such a large company. So, I decided to stop and work on other projects. Well, as we now know, facebook popped up a few years later and took over the world. I’m not saying we could have been facebook. But I believe now more than ever zcolony could be something people would use and enjoy. People like change, once more people see what zcolony can do; it may create even more change. Zcolony takes three concepts and puts them into one site. Social networking, classified advertising, and auctions. With one login you can do all the features of social media in a safe and private environment. From your social media page you can also create classified ads and auction in minutes with easy tools designed to quickly add your items for sale and manage them. There are many other features too. Media libraries with privacy options, discussions groups, service finders and more. I will be listing a full feature list as it is refined. classifieds: classifieds classfieds with menu I try to provide daily updates of my work and goals on zcolony.com home page. One of the ideas is that buying online is tricky, especially the more expensive the items. But with social media built in you now get to see and learn more about who is selling something. Look at their photos, read about their daily life and see what others have to say about them. Maybe it will create more security than anonymous classifieds posted with nothing more than an email. The auctions are simple and easy to create, manage and conclude. Low fees on sold items and free listings. Hassle free. Privacy is big with me. I don’t care about your private photos and messages. As long as you are not breaking the law everything you do is safe. I don’t gather all your data for marketing. I don’t manipulate the posts to create moods. Zcolony will only work if it is private and real. I will do my best to keep government and snoops out. This is a very basic description of what I have done so far and what I want to complete. I have uploaded a partially functional site on zcolony.com and I am working it every day. With the funding here I am hoping to hire a few more developers to help me finish this project and launch a fully finished site this summer. My goal is to be able to put all my time efforts into the last major stage of this project and see it grow. Album media screenshot: album media management Risks and challenges Right now i have been self funding this project for about a year. 20,000 is the minimal we need to get to a clean start point. If we can raise more I will be able to apply more to a mass marketing campaign. I am in the final stages of launching the finished site. I have about four months of developing and hardware work left to complete in order to fully market. In order to complete the final details I am needing to bring on some additional developers and keep things running until full release. I am putting everything i have into this I know it will succeed once we get the funds to complete. After I am able to hire a couple of developers to help me wrap this up, and some hardware upgrades, we will be able to watch this grow and grow with it. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter