Hello Earth, what a beautiful, amazing place you are!Hi all, I'm Paul from the UK, i'm looking for your help so that we together, can fund a crowdsourced photography book like no other.Each one of us has a special place or somewhere we love to be where the views are fantastic, the city is bustling or it just makes you want to stay there forever and I want to bring those places from all over the world into one book. It doesn't have to be a view from a mountain top or a fish eyed cityscape, but somewhere that is beautiful, beautiful either visually or personal to you for whatever reason.I'm tired of looking at travel books and seeing amazing places only to turn up and find out they are nothing like the picture or description offered and so I thought, who better to take the photos for a book than the people who live in these Amazing Places. This is where you come in.... Unlike a lot of Kickstarter projects, your involvement in the projects doesn't stop when you pledge on a award. We will still need your help to find the pictures, cast votes on your favorites and bring Earths Amazing Spaces to the masses.So here is the plan.... Once the project is funded I need your help to get out there to your Amazing Places and get snap happy with your cameras and Phones. Each picture will need to be the highest resolution your camera/phone can manage so that image quality is superb for the book. Your images will then need to be uploaded to our site along with a description of the image, location, dates and of course your e-mail address so we can contact you should we publish your image. If your Amazing Space has a more personal beauty about it then let us know why, we would love to put some stories and images in the book too. Each large picture we publish will also have a little snapshot of you and about the area the image was taken.So hang on...whats the money for if we are doing all the work?Our goal is actually set quite low for a book of this quality, We need to make sure that we have enough money to cover your rewards, build the download/upload website, as well as pay our small but hard working team of flying monkeys who will be bringing their expert eye to the finished product. We will also need to go out and market the book for the masses. With all this in mind we have managed to keep our project costs low because: 1) It will be the backers photos used in the book. 2) We will not be paying for an expensive artsy photographer to travel the globe hunting down the elusive Amazing Spaces because you live there!So what happens when you have all the photos?That's an exciting prospect! Once we have had the photos sent in, we will sort them into countries and areas and then once again ask for your help choosing the images for the book via the website. You will be given access to the download/upload website to cast your votes for your favorite images from each area. The images with the highest percent of votes will be given a position in the finished book. We will contact the photographers to let them know the great news.Stretch goals?Of course we would love to actually get to the point where we can offer stretch goals. As it stands we will be putting any further money over our goal towards launching the upload/download website to the public where people can check out your photos, upload their own for specific areas, vote on their favorites along with loads of other cool things. But hey...this is a stretch goal so we will see how we get on! Risks and challenges This project relies on your support firstly to be funded but also then to be completed. After all, the images will be taken by you. The Earth is full of amazing places, they are all around us... you just need to know where to look. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter