Meet the Latitude The latest iPhones have just about every feature imaginable, with the exception of built-in wireless charging. Perhaps Apple has remained on the sidelines waiting for the wireless charging industry to settle its war over competing standards. Whatever the case, wireless charging is all about convenience, so it must be easily accessible and a no-brainer to use. That’s why Bezalel created the Latitude. We’re returning to our Kickstarter roots to enable iPhone users to power up wherever there’s a wireless charger! The first dual-mode wireless charger that works seamlessly with both major wireless charging standards: (Qi and PMA) Wireless charging is available at a growing number of public places and supported in an expanding range of products. Those using the PMA standard include Starbucks (with wireless charging spots now available globally), Delta Airlines and General Motors (select models); those offering wireless charging via the Qi standard include McDonald's, IKEA (in select tables and lamps) and select Toyota/Lexus vehicles. With the Latitude, iPhone users don’t have to pick a side in the war over competing charging standards. Dual-mode Compatibility + High Speed Charging The Latitude is equipped with an advanced chip that transfers both Qi and PMA signals to an integral coil carrying the highest wireless charging rate at 1000mA. In other words, the Latitude provides wireless charging that’s just as fast as an old-school cable. Unparalleled Convenience via Superior All-in-One Design Want to synch your phone or charge it the old fashioned way? No problem! Most wireless charging cases for the iPhone obstruct Lightning cable access, which makes it a hassle to synch your phone or charge it the old fashioned way. We have eliminated this problem by adding a flexible, super-durable Lightning cable connector. We’ve also made sure the Latitude works perfectly with every type of 3.5mm earphone plug. Easy Access Guaranteed to accommodate every type of 3.5mm earphone plug Flexible, super-durable Lightening cable connector to synch or charge your iPhone the old fashioned way Sleek, Strong and Stylish Advanced materials and ultra-precise double injection manufacturing enable the Latitude to provide great protection in a sophisticated, ultra-slim design. It keeps your iPhone safe and stylish when you’re on the go. The Latitude is available in two colors: Black and White Concept Generation There are plenty of other wireless charging cases on the market, but their use is limited because they work with just one of the two competing wireless charging standards. At Bezalel, we set out to empower iPhone users with a superior wireless charging case that works with every type of wireless charger. We started by sketching our ideas to create a conceptual design. 3D modeling After evaluating hundreds of sketches, we started translating the concepts into precise digital modeling for prototypes. We focused on two main points -- the external curvy surfaces and the structure for the flexible Lightening connector -- to make sure our design goals would be achieved. 3D modeling We crafted our prototypes using precision 3D printing to ensure a perfect fit for the iPhone. We built the receiver circuit by FPC (flexible printed circuit) to minimize thickness and increase connector cable strength. Prototype Evaluation Several phases of prototype evaluation and redesign were performed to create a uniquely elegant shape and durable structure that delivers outstanding performance. Tooling Once the designs were evaluated and deemed spot-on, we began tooling. Serval challenges needed to be overcome. After a long process of testing and retesting, our supplier was able to match the material transitions perfectly to make the Latitude fit both the iPhone and the user’s hand like a glove. Where We Are Today – Pilot Production We have a Latitude design that has been tested thoroughly and refined with exacting precision at every step. We have also partnered with manufacturers and material suppliers across the world to build a strong supply chain network. We’ve wrapped up our pilot production, and we’re ready to go! What We Need Now We need your help to raise $30,000 to fund the first production run of the Latitude. Funds will be used specifically on the initial custom molding, raw materials and skilled labor. $39 - Christmas Early Bird: One Latitude iPhone 6/6S in black or white color $45 - One Latitude iPhone 6 / 6S in black or white color $54 - One Latitude iPhone 6 Plus / 6S Plus in black or white color $85 - Two Latitude iPhone 6 / 6S in black or white color $101 - Two Latitude iPhone 6 Plus / 6S Plus in black or white color $4000 - 100 Latitude iPhone 6 / 6S in black or white color $4800 - 100 Latitude iPhone 6 Plus / 6S Plus in black or white color We have some great partners who collaborated on the Latitude design and will help facilitate production. We also have prior Kickstarter experience (for our successful Ark wireless charger project) to draw on. Our resources and experience allow us to timeline this project with confidence. The Latitude is the only wireless charging case for the iPhone that lets you power up using any type of wireless charger. Seize the opportunity, and help us get the word out by sharing this campaign with your friends (via the “Share this project" button at the top of the page, or the Facebook and Twitter links below)! International Backers We will ship Latitude worldwide, with the exception of Argentina, Belarus, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Libya, Myanmar/Burma, North Korea, Russia, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen. Please note that you may be responsible for duties, fees and taxes applicable to your region. Estimated Delivery Each reward tier may have a different estimated shipment month. While we do not expect these to change, it is possible that the estimated shipment month may shift. At anytime up until your Latitude has shipped, you may request a full refund by emailing support@bezalel.co Warranty We stand firmly behind our products. Each Latitude includes with a 30 day (after you receive it) money back guarantee. For more information, please see http://bezalel.co/pages/warranty-and-returns Need help? We're here for you. If you have questions at any time, during or after the campaign has closed, you can always reach us at support@bezalel.co. Risks and challenges Latitude is nearly complete. All cases on this page and in the videos were built on our production line. We’re currently ramping up at our factory and are ready to meet the estimated delivery times. Forecasting Risk We’ve done our very best to forecast demand and create a solid production plan. We’ve learned a lot from the past year, but sometimes forecasts don’t always hit the mark. Should we miss projections, we’ll let you know why and make it right as quickly as possible. Supply Chain Risk We’ve built a very capable team from the past year on all our products. However, component delays and unexpected shortages can occur. If this happens, we’ll be sure to keep you informed and work to quickly solve the problem. Terms and Conditions For International Backers, please note that you may be responsible for duties, fees and taxes applicable to your region. Our privacy policy is available at http://bezalel.co/pages/privacy-policy Our warranty is available at http://bezalel.co/pages/warranty-and-returns Learn about accountability on Kickstarter