A SCIENCE FICTION DRAMA ABOUT THE CYCLICAL NATURE OF LIFE AND LOVE.https://www.facebook.com/cyclemovieThe story:Samuel is stuck in a loop: he must repeat the day of his wife's death until he is able to stop her from dying. But the more he tries, the further away from saving her he is.What we need to raise money for:This will be a fairly simple project to shoot; however, we will be facing a few costs, such as permits, props, food, and transportation. Most of our crew is working pro bono, but I would love to help them out in any way I can. Once the film is finished:The people who have helped us fund this movie will receive their perks, and we will tour festivals with our final product. We will keep you all posted on where we will be touring, who knows? Maybe there will be a screening in a town near you. We'll keep everyone updated through our official Facebook!The CrewCHRISTOPHER WARMAN (Director, Writer)Previously worked as an Editor on the short "1000 Words", directed by Caleb Wall; as well as an assistant director in several other project. His directing debut was the short "The Boy in The Picture", based on a Creepypasta named "The Girl in The Picture".EVERETTE J. ANDERSON (Director of Photography)Is an Air Force Veteran, a cheese addict, and a borderline compulsive comic book reader. After picking up his first 35mm camera over a decade ago he has been on a journey to tell as many stories visually as possible. Earning a Broadcast degree in 2010 and working in the sports narrow-casting field as well as the indie music scene as a music video director and DP, he has developed the keen eye and quick wit necessary for this field. Here's a project some of us worked on. It cost us $0 to produce, and took us less than three days to shoot. Now imagine what we can do with a budget! https://www.facebook.com/cyclemovie Music used in the video: "Ave" by Alex (feat. Morusque) http://ccmixter.org/files/AlexBeroza/34409 is licensed under a Creative Commons license: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/http://kickingitforward.org Risks and challenges As I have a crew that believes in this project as much as I do, I am fairly certain the only problem that may arise might be scheduling conflicts with some of the crew. However, if that ever happens, we have other crew members on the bench, willing to take any open spot. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter