Inspired by many EDM artist today, DNG keeps himself updated with every bit of fresh Electronic Dance Music distributed on the web. His successful release of the "Limitless Radio Show" featuring international artist and their new sounds which is available on his Soundcloud page and Youtube & his abillity to remake melodies and create new remixes allowed him to build a fan base surrounding his new innovated upcoming originals. Now with over 1500+ Twitter & Soundcloud followers DNG thought it was the right time to release and unleash is very own single.GOING "GOING" has a unique festival melody with strong chords building up to a massive lead with big room percussion plucks and solid 808 kick drum that will leave the dance floor buzzing . The PlanWith DNG just finishing up the full version on of "GOING" it still needs to undergo the mastering & mixing process. Raising a small amount of funds will help DNG reserve some local professional studio time to sound engineer the track on Top of the line monitors with professional studio equipment to make the track ready for release. After the track is fully completed and mastered, it will be individually distributed to ITunes. After the release, to market the song globally, DNG will tour around the world from North America > Central America to spread awareness around clubs and different crowds. Playing his release in clubs will help increase sales and awareness to hopefully get the single charting on ITunes and played on local radio stations. DNG's Social Mediawww.twitter.com/dngonlinewww.soundcloud.com/dngonlineWhat will your support and Backing go towards? - Reserving a min. 2 days of professional studio time to mix & master the song (total of 10 hours)- Cost of online distribution fees to iTunes & other online music distributers, Ie: Amazon, Beatport etc.- DNG apparel and hard copy CD's to be printed, shipping expenses to backers.- Flying expenses, living and food expenses when on International tour.Tour destinations in mind (London Canada, New York, Mexico City)"all destination are well educated EDM enthusiast" Risks and challenges There will be many obstacles to face throughout the process of this release from finishing up the track in a professional manner to getting the track properly promoted and inside your iTunes playlist. With your help it will help allow me have a successful release and complete a full chapter in my music career. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter