Displays are Precision InstrumentsWe have been using human interface devices entirely WRONG! Data Output | Machine Interface Device Or, perhaps, it is better said, Display Tech already surpass the limits of human vision perception. What is the next step of harnessing display capabilities?Take the human out of Human interface device and replace with Machine or Data. What do you get? A new means of Network Connectivity It is the right time in history for this Event to occur The true magic of a display is the precisely measured, pixel by pixel, micron level control of light. Instead of a Display: displaying words and images and human eyes to capture the information, Zadiance Tech uses a Display to display data and utilizes cameras to capture the data. see a display for the first time Billions of devices are already in place X Millions of independent pixels for data X a receiver = Information Super Highway This is the world's first software driven means of Connectivity This is a patent pending technology using a Display, a camera and our software to create a Air Gap Data Network Interface. WHY? You have the right to privacy. You need more bandwidth. We need zero latency connectivity. Automated smart homes need security such as one way authenticated door locks. Home entertainment systems and Commercial venues need additional Connectivity Standards. The web demands new security tools. Secure intranets need high bandwidth air gap information gates. Augmented Reality needs a means for zero latency data transfer. Network providers need more Bandwidth to satisfy market demand. And seriously, How is Optimus going enjoy a morning cup of oil if he has to read everything in slow, boring human speak? Exactly. Native language is best! The applications are many. Internet, IoT, Industry, you, and me need this tech NOW! For these reasons, Zadiance Machine Interface Device and Display as Network needs to exist. Today, as never before, networks connect us. The existing, licensed RF wireless spectrum is well utilized and existing hardlines are approaching saturation. This is a fundamental, technically challenging, real concern. Courtesy US Dept of Commerce It is time to admit it, people. The truth is: We are data hogs. We need more options. Display as a Network Zadiance Display as Network is a entirely software based means of Connectivity Zadiance Display as Network is the first Connectivity means to utilize really available displays and the entire unregulated visible portion of the electromagnetic spectrum. Zadiance Display as Network utilizes existing hardware technologies. Displays, cameras, computers. Readily upgradable and configurable systems for low bandwidth to high bandwidth applications. This wave of innovation is a Game Changer on many levels! The first and most important is our founding principal of: Reduce, Re-use, Recycle. New technologies are generally hugely expensive.. read billions.. and take years to go from research and development to commercial deployment and finally, market adoption. We are using common, available infrastructure that is already developed and in place! Everyone owns at least half the system! A display, and more than likely a camera, security cameras etc. Awesome! Such innovations as these overlap and compliment existing Standards and maximize global system utility at the lowest possible implementation cost. How does it work? 2 parts hardware, some love, 1 part software. With software so lean, even a Raspberry Pi can handle it. Video: System: Left display is Data Sending Unit. 8MP CMOS on Pi 3 is receiver. Right display is showing streaming in background. Front window is the received file output. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Off English Displays: Displays have been around for decades but have been used only as human interface devices. They are capable of so much more. Digital: Today, we are at the tail end of the analog era for display signals, this is very important. Displays with refresh rates of 200Hz are now becoming available. NVIDIA prototypes of 1700Hz rates plus are currently being developed for VR. The result will be true, zero latency. Digital technologies like G-Sync and FreeSync, make all displays no matter the hertz rate, even faster. All with no screen tearing. From these human interface trends, we can get a very fast, reliable packet from the displays used in Zadiance Display Networking. Again, using exciting new developments in one field as new tools in another! Pixels: Pixels are amazing. Every display is composed of pixels. A pixel is an information emitter, emitting at least 1 bit. Pixels can be a large single point like in those found in LED billboards or very small, such as on the micron scale, currently about 30 microns as in VR and smart phone displays, computer screens and large, high density matrixes such as commonly available 4k and 8k TV's. Pixels are getting smaller as resolution increases. For example a 4k TV is 4096X2160 pixels, yielding approximately 9 million pixels. A 8k TV is 7680x4320 yielding approximately 34 million pixels!! Pixels, pixels everywhere, friends, creating evermore bandwidth for Zadiance Display Networks. This is hugely important! Software: The most important aspect of Display as Network tech is the continued development of the software. Our methods and algorithms need research and development to optimize. This is where the majority of future improvements will be made. USES: AR, Robotics, Smart Home, Home entertainment, Secure Intranets: Augmented Reality: What Zadiance Networking does best is multicast, this is the process of creating one packet of data and delivering it to multiple receivers/clients at once. This has huge implications for the upcoming world of augmented reality with devices such as the Microsoft HoloLens. Imagine you are sitting at a football game, and you just saw the play of a lifetime, but couldn’t see much because of your position. With Zadiance Networking and an augmented reality device you could watch the replay and everyone could have an individualized experience watching the play from a camera angle of their choice. Home entertainment, Automated smart homes, Home security and Business or Hotel check in: A network can be created from the TV or other display with CMOS enabled speakers for surround sound. Same goes for gaming! Smart home devices such as an alarm, appliances, baby monitor, door locks etc., can all be CMOS enabled. Existing Security cameras can be utilized. For hotel room access. A passive camera will read a random image and the one use access data on your phone to unlock the door. Security: External networks must be considered in any overall security strategy. Zadiance Display as Network is the ultimate in air gap methodologies. Zadiance Display as Network is a line of sight system. It is not and does not use RF. Walls, corners and anything that obstructs the display camera interface, prevents data transfer. By using these features to our advantage, this makes for a physically controllable network. Something as simple as a sheet of paper can be a physical stop gap. Further, half the system, utilizing one display as the sending unit acts as a one way gate. That means a private intranet is physically, inherently secure as information can only flow one way. Technically this is a open, yet secure network. Not two words ever used together before now. On the macro scale, a organization that has a vulnerable private intranet can utilize Zadiance Display as Network to secure data. In smart homes, a private home network can be established that requires no conventional bandwidth service. Smart locks can use a CMOs enabled lock for 1 tier or multi tier, one way authentication. These features give users new tools and added functionality in a complex environment. Financial Services, Ticketing and Airline check in: A POS or ticket counter can utilize Display as Network as NFC is currently used. It can be combined with NFC for 2 tier authentication. Display as Network can replace the static, unsecure, limited use QR code used in many mobile applications with dynamic device communication. Roadmap: 2014: Idea development 2015 2016: multiple prototypes October 2016: Kickstarter campaign: World introduction and The Building Block deliverables: A low cost Raspberry Pi 3 and our software. Campaign: Why Kickstarter? Inspiration They said it couldn't be done. Here we are. This is a new technology field. It is going to happen. This is our opportunity to keep machine interfaces and the standard to be written by the people for the people. At Zadiance, we believe in a future where a display is a multi function instrument. This is the first step in pursuing that vision.. The possibilities of what we can do with a display, camera and software are limitless… Given that this tech is a first of its kind and it is incredibly hard and expensive to bring new tech to life and launch it, we need all the help we can get. Where better than Kickstarter? We believe in cultivating a community who can contribute to the development of Zadiance .. through kickstarter we are able to reach the right people. The most forward thinking, passionate people who can provide us with valuable feedback that will make our product great. So if you are interested in developing cutting edge software, working on displays, cameras and networks, join the movement. Get involved Are you a software developer? Hardware engineer? Are you a implementer? Do you have ideas of what this can be? Get involved. We would love your help. We, at Zadiance Technologies, wish to share this tech and the beginning of our story with you, our kindred spirits on Kickstarter first. With your financial support, you become a part of history and we can continue to independently develop the tech to achieve it’s true potential. This tech and the first Specification will continue to evolve. This benefits everyone as a low cost enabling technology for the global community. Display as Networks equal low cost access for all. That is a bright future! As the newest member of the connectivity club, we want to kickstart the evolution at a grassroots level. As in, how about we the people, design it? From the ground up. Who ever gets to do this??? Cool, right!! Being funded does several things for Display as Network technology. 1. It proves there is demand for this technology. 2. It provides the funds to continue the research and development needed to achieve the data transfer speeds necessary for both low bandwidth and high bandwidth uses and subsequent market adoption. 2017 and beyond: The stepping stones are as follows: Software improvements, Hardware upgprades and finally, a Network Protocol. To get there, we need you! Software and Specification: Being a startup, funds are always limited. Turns out, engineers eat. They also like being pampered with such things as a roof over their heads and having electricity too! All kidding aside, developing tech is all overhead expense. IP has to be covered, bills have to be paid etc. With the Kickstarter model, we can accomplish many goals at once. Raise funds to hire staff to keep development going, receive critical user feedback to improve our products, build a proactive user base with community support, spread the word and hopefully find some passionate makers, hackers, supporters that would like to join our team! Welcome! For the initial campaign, cost is our main criteria. It has to be a early adopter, affordable system that shows the utility of the system. A couple hundred bucks or so and many different support levels for a new technology seems to be win win. Off the shelf components are the key to making this happen. This campaign offers the user a first look at the basic building blocks of the tech! We want to make sure our product is useable and affordable for anyone who has a display and so our support levels are based on the assumption of users utilizing their existing computer and display as the sending hardware and combining with off the shelf hardware to build the receiver and demonstrate our lean software on a Raspberry Pi. Our current data transfer rates with our low cost, common 60Hz display:camera setup and off the shelf design on a Raspberry Pi is a baseline of approximately 144 to 576 bits per second. The data transfer is limited by several factors: 1. Our off the shelf package 2. Funding. 3. Hardware price points. 4. Software development. The version offered on this campaign is a one way gate as seen in the video. The user selects a file and send to the receiver. Once received, The Zadiance software puts the data back into relevant form. FEATURES: Receiver hardware package: 1: Raspberry Pi™ 3 Model B 1GB Project Board 1: Raspberry Pi 8MP Camera Module 1: Adafruit T-Cobbler Adafruit T-Cobbler Plus 2: Push Buttons: for instrument calibration and receive function 1: Breadboard 1: SD Card 1: Flexible camera mount Jumper wires. ** kit may differ slightly from pictured, depending upon manufacturer bulk order bids. instructions. Print your own: Custom Zadiance 3D printed case: File: .gcode or .stl Zadiance Proprietary patent pending software version 1: Transfer rate: 144 Bits per second to 576 Bits per second. Rewards: You want to be the first to experience a cool new tech? We can make that happen! We also want to offer plenty of other ways to support our project with lots of price ranges. $5: Thank You for your support! and the Zadiance 3D print case file .stl or .gcode $8: Zadiance ebook: Rise of the Machine Interface Device Part I by Samuel Westlind. Only available on the Kickstarter campaign! Receive the rest of the book as chapters are released! Be the first to get them! $12: Zadiance Supporter: You become a part of our source code! Your name and city will be included at the top level of our source tree in a contributors text file. Be a part of the history of the Rise of Display as Networks! The Zadiance Hat, Zadiance organic T-shirt and Specification Voting rights: $20 to $76: $20 to $25: The Hat The sample arrived! $30 to $38. The Zadiance organic t-shirt: The samples are in!! Voter rights: Interact with us. You will be the first to see prototype demos. We will engage with you for surveys, commentary etc to determine functionality and system configuration. Some of you will have amazing ideas we have not thought of and we want to include these support levels to find that idea! This engagement with our users will lead to: 1: better products and 2: The first specification. $46 Specification Voting rights: $56 Voter rights + Zadiance hat $68 Voter rights +Zadiance organic T-shirt $79 Voter rights+ Zadiance hat and organic T-shirt The Software: $99 Super Early Bird Zadiance software $125 Early Bird Zadiance software $149 Zadiance Software The hardware: $229 Super Early Bird Raspberry Pi 3 Receiver kit $280 Early Bird Raspberry Pi 3 Receiver kit $346 The Receiver kit $395 The assembled Receiver The game changer assembled. This snappy little device Software Development: $1500 intern want to be challenged and to create something new? Zadiance Software Developer Kits: Implementers, be the first to market. $5000 Super Early Bird SDK: 1 seat $6000 Early Bird SDK: 1 seat $8000 SDK 1 seat $10,000 Team Early Bird SDK 2 seats $10,000 SDK 1 seat CREDITS: Video: Daniel O'Loughlin, Samuel Westlind Engineers: Daniel O'Loughlin, Kenyatta West, Samuel Westlind visit: zadiance.com Please share with your friends!! A sincere thank you. Risks and challenges We have been working on the Zadiance Display as Network for 2 years before launch. Though multiple prototypes and developing the software we have built a powerful new platform. What we are really developing is software and network specification protocols. Our team will continue to test, improve and develop these protocols. The beauty of software is the ability to provide continual updates in a timely fashion. The hardware exists and will continue to improve. All the hardware used in this campaign is off the shelf components that can be readily purchased. Thus, we eliminate much of the timeline hazards and manufacturing outsourcing risk of other campaigns. As this is not a RF wireless Standard, there is no timeline risk for RF compliance testing etc. This makes all of our lives much easier. Once funded, the components will be ordered and delivered to our shop. Once here, our team will build the units, test and ship. To avoid potential risks we have developed an appropriate risk evaluation and quality control program. However, as with any project, there are challenges to success and there is always the possibility of delays. Sometimes, due to factors outside of our control, such as supply chain performance and the shipping process itself. With your support, we can bring Zadiance Machine Interface Device Display as Network to the world. Your contribution will help fund critical stages in our immediate future such as software improvements, Data transfer speed improvements, further testing, protocol development and the issuance of the first specification. For a small company, it is always a uphill challenge. Knowing this, we designed our campaign and deliverables to share knowledge, minimize risk for both our supporters and us to achieve attainable stepping stones in a timely manner. Even though we are thinking ahead and preparing for the worst, some things may escape our control. We want to rely on our backers for support and patience if we run into difficulties, we promise we will not stop until the project is completed! Open communication will always be our foundation to keep our supporters up to date. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter