What is SFERA?For many years, business cards were a vital part of business. A card served as an introduction. Then, it was a reminder of who the person was and what services they offered. Unfortunately, the business card was also extremely limited in how much information it could provide. While one card didn’t amount to much, 100 cards was a lot to manage.SFERA is changing that. With a click, you can send all your contact information and other information you need to share with a potential client or customer. They can store all that in their smartphone, which means they have the information any time they need it.”It works the other way too. You can store vendor information in your smartphone. You don’t have to haul around a stack of business cards. You don’t have to depend on your memory to keep up with everything you need to have” . It’s also a one-time purchase, unlike business cards that need to be bought time and time again.“You can immediately update your SFERA information too. On you print business cards, they are done. With SFERA, you can customize the information you send to other contacts. Give them the information they need”. “If something changes, you change it immediately. You don’t have to wait for new cards to be printed.”SFERA allows you to send, or receive, up to 5MB of information in a text message.“Send your contact information, a picture of yourself and important files”. UNIQUEYou won't need anymore to send expensive SMS or emails with your contact. SFERA takes care of it, by a simple click. And all the relevant information of a new contact will be automatically transferred to your personal address book.SIMPLEYou can modify anytime the information you want to share. You change your phone number or email address? No problem, you go to the "EDIT PROFILE" page and modify your information anytime you need itALWAYS WITH YOUOnce logged in, SFERA will stay in the background ready to alert you when a new contact or files arrives.PROPERTIESCapability of rapidly exchanging one's contact information in a simple and fast way. INFORMATIONS THAT CAN BE SHARED: -Phone number -Name and surname -Email address -Profile's picture -Files (.jpg; .png; .doc; .docx; .txt; .pdf and more…) up to 5MB How can you make SFERA a success?My goal is to reach as many people as possible to simplify the way to exchange business cards. To do this I need to develop SFERA for all the platform mobile. This is the new graphic version of iOS that I am developing. With your help, it will become a reality. I wait your support to become SFERA, a useful tool for everyone. Who speak about us NEWYORK TIME - New app, Sfera, promises to be a business card killer May 29, 2016 BOSTON.COM - The new Sfera app allows the user to share contact information with just one click - April 22, 2016 DIGITAL JOURNAL - The new Sfera app allows the user to share contact information with just one click - April 22, 2016 Risks and challenges Now SFERA is available for Android. GooglePlay : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details… I wait your support to become SFERA, a useful tool for everyone. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter