I have been performing for a while now 18 years, at every venue people ask "what's your newest Project"?. Well got some music "in the can" as they say -. I really want to release the album myself as we've done in the past, and we need to raise a bit of money to Record the project. When I was in Nashville as with most Artists, the songs chosen to make a record were always determined by someone else deciding whether they were a “hit” or not. I would hear from the people what they’d like to see on my records and when I talked to producers, it seemed to fall on deaf ears all looking for the common sound. When I perform a new song I wrote especially the songs like “Heavens Reward”and tell the story of the song how it came to be, It amazes me on how much it means to YOU, and how much its been used for funerals as a “bright spot”. And Love songs where have they gone? Labels don’t want ballads that move people anymore. BUT YOU DO! So help me make this OUR way! Now that I have the ability to record what I want. I want to give the public what they ask me for. This time I want to make a record WITH your help, FOR you. Kickstarter is the perfect solution. It allows me to be Rollie and sing what moves me. It’s totally different!INVESTMENT PRO’s SAY INVEST IN CD’s!!!....BUT It's "all or nothing" here on Kickstarter. A project has to be 100% funded or no money changes hands. That's good for you because it takes the fear out of putting your money into a half-funded project that may or may not happen.so you guys play a vital role in the end result of this Project, it takes a lot of people to make it happen. Doing a recording right takes money:We have listed several several "rewards" on the right side of this page. If you choose to back this project, you will need to set up an account and click on the green button to the right of the video that says "back this project". After this, you can either select a level from the reward list or you can enter your own amount in the box provided. If you want to pledge an amount in between two levels you can do this. we will consider the amount above our preset level as a donation.Our goal is to raise at least $10,000 in 20 days, and I’d love for you to support me. I’m excited about all of us being a part of the Music-making process, to this new way of making music. Through Kickstarter, we can make the music you want and ask for and, all because you’made it possible! This project is truly for you, After all isnt that why we record to sing for you? the people who appreciate our work, my amazing fans. There’s no question, I wouldn’t be where I am today without your support. how will the money raised through Kickstarter be used? Well, all of the money will go toward paying for Studio, musicians, engineers, background vocalists, recording time, , charting, overdubs, utility musicians, equipment rental, cartage, recording, mixing, mastering, legal/production/management staffKickstarter is an amazing and powerful crowd-funding tool that lets you directly affect projects you feel passionate about - projects that might never happen without real financial backing - and crowd-funding makes your support personal. How amazing is that? It takes A LOT of people and expense to make a record that you guys want to hear. It’s not cheap. And, if your help is so incredible that we go over $10,000, all the extra money will be used in continuing support of the project, including promotion, marketing, advertising,and every other expense it takes to get the completed album finished. The album is set to release this May if we meet our funding goal.We've set the goal for an amount that will get the project completed and delivered on schedule. But we have to reach our goal. Period. Funding on Kickstarter is all or nothing. This means in order for us to receive the money pledged to this project we must meet or exceed our funding goal within the funding period. If we are not able to do this ... we don't get anything at all.Thank you for helping to make the music. And as always - thanks for listening and your support! Risks and challenges As with any recording project there are challenges throughout the process. These are not new to Rollie, who is a seasoned recording artist. We do not anticipate any of these challenges effecting the rewards and estimated delivery dates for each tier. Once this project is funded, we will start this Project into what will certainly be an amazing new Recording project. Thank you for your support in continuing the music! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter