Click PLAY button below to hear "One Foot In Front Of The Other" as you read : ) TESTING.. TESTING 1, 2, 3.. Pleased to meet you, let me introduce myself. I am a country/pop artist from the backwoods of Tennessee, living in the crazy Rock-centric city of Los Angeles. I've been making music for ten years. I started songwriting in Nashville and have spent the past 6 years in Los Angeles developing as an artist, musician and songwriter. I've performed on 4 U.S tours, recorded 2 successful EPs, and just recently released my first full length album, Heartstrings. As an independent artist I've never asked anyone for help funding anything in my career, so this is new territory for me (hence the testing 1, 2, 3. : ) I am super excited and a little bit scared, but I have complete faith that WE were meant to meet, YOU are meant to be a part of my journey and that my music was meant to find it's way to YOUR ears : ) The priceless connection I find with my fans and beautiful strangers that are touched by my songs, are the reason I continue this musical journey. I've been singing since I could talk, writing songs since I could play guitar and finding ways to make beauty out of pain since I discovered it was possible by making music. Songwriting is my therapy, listeners are my family and performing is my church. I believe that without each other we're just broken hearts, and the greatest gift I have to offer YOU and this world is my mission, my music.. my Heartstrings! So I invite you to be a part of this career changing project and my musical journey. YOU make it possible and YOU are the reason for it all!!Click here to view Pledge Rewards"ONE FOOT IN FRONT OF THE OTHER" MUSIC VIDEO!One foot in front of the other, don't forget all you're worth, just keep your head above the water and it won't be long before your ship comes in.. Those are the words to the chorus of the single, and first song on the Heartstrings album. They are also the words I say to myself every day! This song is so special to me. The response this song has received from the music industry in LA and Nashville seems to agree that not only is it special and radio ready, but that it deserves a KILLER music video too! GSM Entertainment in Beverly Hills is ready to bring the message and vision of this song to life and to the world on red epic cameras with the best production Hollywood has to offer! The synopsis for the video portrays a country girl chasing her dreams to the city, facing tough times and struggling to keep her faith, hope and dreams alive through it all. It's such a hopeful and inspiring message to everyone, including myself and I can't wait to transfer it all to the screen! Everyone involved in the making of this video believes in bringing the message of this song to life and wants to make it happen beautifully, but we need YOUR HELP to bring this masterpiece to life!"HEARTSTRINGS" HERE WE GO!! I dedicated the past year of my life to writing, recording and funding this album and I am so proud of every song! Heartstrings, is a collection of 13 songs that are inspired by my own experiences as well as others, it's about turning tragedy into hope and learning to find the silver lining in the midst of every storm we go through in life. The response the album has received from everyone has been overwhelming and exciting! Along with the music video, Grassroots promotions in Nashville has offered to send me on a 30 city U.S. radio tour promoting the single, One Foot In Front Of The Other, and the album itself! The bottom line is..This is truly a career changing opportunity and after spending every penny I have to make Heartstrings, I can't fund this tour and this video on my own. I NEED YOUR HELP to make this happen. The success of this Kickstarter fundraiser is essential and if you aren't familiar with the way kickstarter works, THE PLEDGE GOAL OF THE PROJECT HAS TO BE FULLY REACHED or we don't get one single penny of the pledges! IT'S ALL OR NOTHING! The goal can be exceeded, but cannot fall short. I feel so blessed and so grateful for my musical gifts and more so to have so many people believing in my music and wanting to share it with the world! The music, the journey, the video, the tour, the climb and the success is not possible without YOU! TOGETHER we can bring the faith, hope and healing of Heartstrings to the world! I truly appreciate your time & attention. I am so grateful for your support & luv.. And I value your belief & participation.. more than you could ever imagine!!!! Peacenluv,xoKelly