This is a picture Karl took on the campus of Youngstown State University. As throngs of students made their way to class, Karl characteristically noticed the purple petals of a flower strewn along the edge of the street. It struck him as poignant that these beautiful flowers were crushed by the footsteps of an endless stream of people with more important things to do. Like these flowers, Karl's existence was a flash of brilliant and beautiful color and vitality that didn't last nearly long enough. This project is intended to prevent him from sharing their ultimate fate: unnoticed, ignored, and forgotten.Christopher Adam Steffey, commonly known as "Karl," died at age 26. With him died a host of unfinished creative endeavors and surely a massive vault of ideas that were still percolating in his head.Karl was a genius. Typically, when in the room with him, I sensed that it was pointless to speak. Nothing I said could ever be as funny, as insightful, or as knowledgeable as what he said, so I usually just listened. When Karl was around, it was generally his boisterous humor, booming voice, and vast knowledge about and understanding of the world around him that dominated the setting.But Karl was also my best friend. For a time, a group of us, for all intents and purposes, lived at his parents' house with him, engaged day and night, end on end, in a more or less non-stop celebration of life and youth. During this period, while some of us passed in and out of faltering musical projects, Karl got a copy of the Fruity Loops software and began teaching himself how to program electronic music. He collected his experiments under the name "Ram's Head." Over the years, Ram's Head became the constantly progressing vehicle for Karl's musical ideas.Our friendship, my musicality, and my frequent presence at his house caused Karl to make me the first to hear most Ram's Head works. He would often excitedly describe to me the new song he was working on, or had just finished, and would play it for me as soon as he could. I truly loved this idiosyncratic music and requested copies. Later, when Karl began to use real vocals, he recorded them in my parents' basement, leaving me with the masters.Inadvertently, my unique closeness to the Ram's Head canon set me up to become its de facto curator. At some point, Karl suffered a major computer failure, resulting in the loss of all his original files. My copies of his work were the only ones that remained.When Karl died, I vowed to myself that I would not let his work go unnoticed. Realizing my responsibility, I began organizing and editing the Ram's Head recordings so that I could put out an anthology of his work. It pains me that such an amazing human being lived on this planet and went undetected by all but a few. I can't imagine what Karl would have done if he had had more time. Going through the files on his laptop after his passing, I found short stories, unfinished novels, poems, snippets of song lyrics, musical ideas, notes on history, and plans for the future. So much of that will have to remain unknown to the world; I can't pretend to write his books for him, nor can I tackle his doctoral dissertation on ancient Rome. But I do have his music, and I can do something with that. And you can help me do it. My record label is small. We have only pressed three releases and we do not sell them in massive quantities. I do not draw a salary from the business and pressing costs have generally been paid out of pocket. Unfortunately, this means that I do not have the money it takes--approx. $4,900.00 USD--to do justice to Karl's work. That's where you come in.$4,900 pays for the following: An initial pressing of 1,000 copies, each copy containing four (4) replicated CDs' worth of Ram's Head music. A unique slipcase for each disc and a box jacket to house the whole set. A booklet containing full historical notes and all the lyrics. Artwork. This is an extremely reasonable quote, which I have received from a specialized pressing plant after much research.I have edited and remastered the Ram's Head recordings and prepared them according to Karl's original wishes as closely as possible. If you visit http://www.bastionrecordings.com, you will find the full intended track listing for this boxed set with 30-second sound clips of each track. There are also four free downloads at the bottom of this page, one song from each disc, for you to sample. I will be eternally grateful to you for your assistance in making my genius best friend's years of work available for the world to hear. Thank you in advance.Zachary V. SundermanBastion Recordings, Warren, OH USA Risks and challenges I have released two CDs and one vinyl record through this record label. I have become very familiar with the process of pressing music, preparing packaging, securing proper artwork, formulating bar codes, etc. I also master recordings myself and have fully prepared the Ram's Head music for release. I expect to encounter no obstacles in this process that I can't navigate. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter