What is there to do tonight? Where can I find something fun? These are questions we have asked ourselves time and time again. Meanwhile, on the other end - bars, bands, comedians and performers have a lot to offer in terms of shows and activities for which they just don't know how to spread the word. There are also some fun and unusual events out there - Turtle Races and Giant Jenga Tournaments are a few examples. I am trying to connect those with bar happenings to those that want to partake in them. People will use this site to look within their city and neighborhood and see what bar happenings have been posted. Its very easy to view, very mobile device friendly; and one can post in only 2 or 3 minutes. The posts also appear instantaneously. It is up-to-date, easy, fast, informative and FREE!Take a look, the site is fully functional: www.NightCrawlerApp.com The smooth mobile version makes the site very easy to use, even when out and about! These social sharing websites have become incredibly popular and successful recently! Craigslist, Angie's List, Air B&B and FarmersOnly.com are examples. Connecting people with a need to those that can fulfill that need is such a great benefit to those at both ends. And everyone goes to shows or bars at least a few times a month, with the younger crowds going multiple times a week. We want this site to eventually encompass every major and medium-sized city in the U.S (we have a lot of expanding to do!). That way no matter where you are in the country, you can find what you are looking for in a bar on any given night.We can help struggling but talented musicians, comedians and performers along with bars that have fun trivia nights and other activity nights. Also, people want to see these things. We all love live music, of one form or another, comedy shows and all kinds of events. People can also post or find drink and food specials. So many places have 1/2 off appetizers on Wednesdays or $2 drinks on Tuesdays, etc. People love to save money! And these venues need customers on these slower nights! This site gives the user a view of everything happening on a given night in their neighborhood, all in one place.We are trying to promote, but it is difficult without funds. And, since the site is crowd-sourced, IT NEEDS USERS TO BE SUCCESSFUL. Flyers and promotional items cost money, advertising online and on social media is expensive, and simply keeping the site up is a financial stress with all its fees and such. I am hoping for at least enough in donations to keep the site running for a year ($1,800 minimum, but getting the site professionally upgraded via a developer will be another 5 to 25K). We really want this site to shine! And we would like this to be a downloadable app in the near future. We will be very grateful for any donation! Please consider helping out and being a part of what could be the next big social network. Even if you don't donate check out the site as well as tell your friends (getting people interested is the number one priority right now). Anyone in a band, or doing comedy is looking for a way to promote. Advertising isn't easy, and they will be grateful to have another way to easily share what they have to offer. Also,check out the STORE PAGE on the site; there are some cool and funny T-SHIRTS! You can see them below as well.Thank you! www.NightCrawlerApp.comCheck out our facebook page at www.facebook.com/NightCrawlerAppDotComMore Samples of the (mobile phone) Interface: The smooth mobile interface makes the website easy & quick to use anywhere! Our T-Shirts (Also available in black): This is the front of all the t-shirts T-shirt back Option 1 Above "The Liver Is Evil! It Must Be Punished" T-shirt back Option 2 Above "Find Yourself" T-shirt back Option 3 Above "Find A Pub Free of Evil Clowns" T-shirt back Option 5 Above "No Thinking Required" Closer view of the above t-shirt back T-shirt back Option 4 Above "Hey guys, where's the party? No one texted me... Guys??? Never miss out at night" Risks and challenges There are some risks and challenges that I foresee. Keeping the site free of inappropriate material is one. I have multiple facets for catching and deleting these, but it will be a challenge. I would ideally like to hire a staff when the site gets really popular so that I have a team to handle this. Along with other support issues. Adding new and useful features is another challenge. We will need better search options. We will need to add more cities and neighborhoods to the database as the site builds a user base. These are only a few of the items that will come. And the most difficult thing is getting the word out. That's why I need to market this website so intensely. I need a good catalyst, something that will get the buzz out there, once that happens it will spread like fire. But that first hill to overcome is the hardest. I am tackling these as they come and am prepared for new ones. The good news is that the site is already functional, it just needs marketing and technological advances, as the time comes. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter