WHAT IS MONSTER GURU?Monster Guru will be a completely unique and engaging experience for the iPhone. Created by a small team of dedicated college students, Monster Guru enables players to capture and train monsters in a beautiful, expansive environment all the while discovering the secrets hidden behind the game's complex and engaging story. Features+ Exciting geolocation gameplay. With google maps the game will utilize the geolocation feature of the iPhone. It will track where the player moves on the map in real life and relate that to the ingame worldmap, allowing the player to unlock hidden areas and new locales. Essentially, wherever you go, your character goes. + Every pixel in monster guru has been meticulously hand drawn for a distinctive visual style. All of the art is unique and original. This means that every location or creature you come across in the game will be completely different than the last! +Compatible with iPhone 3 and above.+ Completely original story written by the team.+ Over 100 creatures to discover and capture. Players can form different strategies for battling as well as create their own customized team by leveling. + Ambient and atmospheric soundtrack by the great multi-instrumentalist Steven R. Smith. ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrGtKihRiIg) (http://worstward.bandcamp.com/) The TeamWe are a small group of college students from all around Utah. We all have different majors that contribute uniquely to the game. We have experience in mobile development and we continue to learn and grow. Why we need you We've been working on this project for about two years, however between our other obligations with school and work we have not been able to dedicate as much time or resources to the game as we would like. That's where you come in. If we reach our goal of $4500 we will have the funding to be able to dedicate more time to developing the game by hiring more programmers and buying much needed hardware. With the help of the kickstarter community we hope to release Monster Guru for the iPhone by summer 2012. UpdateHey everyone! Here is a quick look at some gameplay we're working on. This video shows two towns and some exploration.