The original Legion TD went beyond our wildest dreams to become played by over a million people! It's now becoming a full-fledged game. The first ever competitive TD for PC.Highlights 3/30: We reached 1000 backers! 3/30: Exclusive interview by PC Gamer! 3/22: First stretch goal reached: Overgrowth skin for all backers! 3/17: We're meeting game devs from around the world at GDC! 3/11: We made it!! We reached our initial goal of 50K! 3/11: Legion TD 2 has been Greenlit by Steam community! 3/10: Thanks to all who participated in our Reddit AMA! Over 600 upvotes and 250+ comments! 3/8: We've launched LegionTD2.com/chat! 3/7: Legion TD 2 is now a Top 100 game on Steam Greenlight! 3/6: More press coverage! OnRPG, Sina (CN), PR Newswire. 3/5: We've been selected by Kickstarter as a Featured Project! 3/3: More press coverage! Shazoo, Gamershell, Develop. 3/3: Trailer subtitles are now in Danish, German, French, Polish, Russian, and Spanish - thanks to our community! 3/3: Our campaign is now in German, Russian, and French- thanks to backers LForward, Madxoma and Norn, and naldov! 3/2: We've also been featured in PCGamesN, Gaming Cypher, Invision, Cliqist, Gamasutra, MadeWithUnity. 3/2: PCGamer wrote about us! 3/1: Over 300K people reached via Thunderclap! 3/1: We've been selected by Kickstarter as a Project We Love! 3/1: Our Kickstarter and Steam Greenlight are live! What is Legion TD 2?Legion TD 2 is an online free-to-play game that will be available on Steam. It's free-to-play, but not pay-to-win. It's the standalone successor to Legion TD, the hugely popular Warcraft III mod that became the inspiration for StarCraft II's Squadron TD and Dota 2's Legion TD: Reborn. As the creators of the original game, our vision is to take the genre to the next level. We've built Legion TD 2 over the past two years without being paid a dime. We're almost there, but we need your help getting Legion TD 2 through closed beta.The closed beta will launch later this year with 4 playable legions (races) and over 50 unique fighters. The closed beta is a fully functional, multiplayer game. It will run for a minimum of 6 months before it is opened to the public. After the closed beta is stable, we'll be adding additional content and improving & balancing the game for years to come. Legion TD 2 Official Website Legion TD 2 Steam Greenlight NEW! This page is also available in Russian, German, and French. Trailer subtitles are available in Chinese, Danish, English, French, German, Polish, Russian, and Spanish.NEW! Backing us via Kickstarter requires a credit card. If you don't have a credit card, we also accept PayPal. I'm Lisk. I made Legion TD. My friend Jules was my right-hand man. Jules and I have been best friends for 20 years, and we've been playing and designing games together since we were kids. Lisk, Jules, Tezro (Lisk's brother), TheSlimeKing (Jules' brother) after winning a chess tournament. In high school, I was stuck using a laptop touchpad, so I wanted a game where strategy meant more than good aim. I wanted a game I could beat Jules at.So I made Legion TD. We thought it was pretty fun. It turns out other people did too! Why Legion TD 2?For years, I've been amazed and humbled by the popularity of the Legion TD mod and its spin-offs among Warcraft III, StarCraft II, and Dota 2 players. When other mods became standalone games like League of Legends and Dota 2, many players approached me and asked, "Why not Legion TD 2?" With your support through Kickstarter, we'll be able to fulfill that dream. For those of you already familiar with Legion TD, we'll start with the exclusive rewards you'll get for becoming a backer. If you just want to play the game, Aqua tier is the tier for you. That said, we've listened to player feedback to come up with meaningful reward tiers at pledge levels. A KS Exclusive reward means that it is only available via this Kickstarter. With KS Exclusive rewards, you'll be able to show people five years from now that you were there from the start. A Legion TD 2 match is played by two teams of four players on a symmetric playing field, each side consisting of four lanes and a throne room. Each player defends their own lane against waves of enemy creatures that threaten the team's king. The team whose king survives longer, wins. From start to finish, a match lasts about 25 minutes. Bird's-eye view of the in-game world. On each side, lanes merge into a shared corridor leading to the team's throne room. Defend your lane. It's like a TD. But instead of placing towers, you deploy dynamic fighters that come to life. Each player defends their own lane. Each player controls a Town and Barracks. Deploy fighters. You start with 300 gold. Spend gold to deploy fighters on a fixed grid. You can't move a fighter after it is placed, so plan your formation carefully. Choose from over 50 unique types of fighters! Your fighters come to life. Each round, your fighters battle a new wave of enemy creatures. Your fighters move, attack, and cast spells automatically! Your fighters come to life. The round ends. After each wave of creatures is defeated, your fighters return to their original formation. You receive gold for completing the round. After each round, your fighters return to their positions fully restored. Prepare for the next round. Spend gold to deploy additional fighters or upgrade existing ones. Each wave of creatures is stronger than the last, so be prepared! Legion TD 2 - Drill Golem by Legion TD 2 on Sketchfab Hire mercenaries. Spend mythium, a secondary resource, to hire mercenaries to attack the opposing team. Each mercenary you hire also permanently increases the gold income you receive at the end of each round. Mythium is passively harvested by workers. You can spend gold to train more workers at your Town. Legion TD 2 - Safety Mole by Legion TD 2 on Sketchfab Protect the king as long as you can. Your fighters are the first line of defense. If enemies make it past your fighters, they will advance to the king. If the king dies, you lose. Resources are finite, and the waves of enemies are endless. The only way to win is to force the other team's king to be defeated before your own! The king is your last line of defense. All in all, you get the low-stress, "build defense, then watch the fight" experience of a tower defense, but with the gameplay depth of a competitive esport. For a more in-depth look at gameplay, see the Legion TD 2 Game Guide. For answers to FAQs, see the Legion TD 2 FAQ. On the planet Nova, fantastic creatures of every nature lived in harmony. But a strange sickness gripped the once-verdant paradise, and strife runs rampant. A few proud legions still stand tall, but each dawn brings a new wave of peril.Welcome to Nova. An original soundtrack. Listen to Welcome to Nova by Mikołaj "DarkMXQ" Wiśniewski, a Polish composer and Legion TD community member. This is the music you'll listen to before the game starts. Four starting legions. Many more to come.Element, Forsaken, Grove, and Mech. Each is based off one of the original four starting races of Legion TD. Each legion plays differently; each has its own strengths and weaknesses. See the Legion TD 2 Game Guide for stats, background stories, and concept art. Legion TD started as a map 7 years ago. The community made it into the game we know today. Legion TD is still actively played by thousands of people! Visit the Legion TD Mod page to meet other Legion TD players and play the original Legion TD on Warcraft III, StarCraft II, or Dota 2. Legion TD 2 is by modders, for modders.We started out as a mod team and we believe in going back to our roots.We open-sourced the original Legion TD in 2010. We've got big plans for Legion TD 2 to give developers, artists, and hobbyists the tools to make Legion TD 2 not only a better game but also a platform for creativity. Though elegant enough to be learned in a day, Legion TD 2 has incredible strategic depth. It has a stable metagame ("meta") comparable to the leading esports.Below is the Legion TD 2 meta: the strategy to win the game. This is only a guideline. With two teams of four, there's plenty of room for creativity. Instead of hiring mercenaries every round, you may want to hoard your mythium for a few rounds. And then, when the other team is least expecting it, coordinate with your team to unleash a huge offense. Or, if your teammate's defenses are overwhelmed, you could invest gold into beefing up your defenses to cover for them. Assisting a teammate may lead your team win the game. AutoAttack Games is an indie game studio formed with the vision of creating Legion TD 2. The core team consists of three founders working full-time. We’ve each chosen not to work for large tech companies because with AutoAttack Games, we can devote 100% of our energy to a project we truly believe in: Legion TD 2. The real team goes way beyond just us. Early on, we partnered up with industry veterans who've done it before. This gives us the best of both worlds. A tight core team gives us the freedom to innovate and the agility to produce high-quality content with minimal overhead. It keeps Legion TD 2 fully in the hands of the original designers whose crystal-clear vision is to make the best game possible. An extensive team of partners gives us the capabilities and resiliency of a larger studio. Through our partnerships, we're able to fill in any gaps or scale up production as needed. We look up to our partners as creative, technical, and business advisers. Beyond these, there are still dozens more people who have helped Legion TD and Legion TD 2 get this far. Whether you've given us creative advice, made helpful forum posts, or simply invited us over for a home-cooked meal, you've played a role in keeping the fire going! Legion TD 2 is self-funded, meaning that all development up until this point has been funded by the founding three members of AutoAttack Games. This budget will provide for Legion TD 2 development through closed beta. After meeting these budget goals, we'll be able to finish creating the first 4 legions, 20 creatures, and 16 mercenaries. We'll be able to finish coding gameplay and building the multiplayer beta server. The budget will also cover other expenses like backer rewards, Kickstarter fees, and standard operational expenses. We're focusing on the core game first. But if Legion TD 2 is fortunate enough to exceed its initial budget goal, we have additional content we're ready to deliver using the extra funds. The above stretch goals pack more content into the game, but they won’t cause the game to be delayed. This is why we’re holding off on secondary features like Guilds and AI bots for now. Our priority is delivering an awesome core game ASAP. Thank you for taking the time to check out Legion TD 2. We are so excited about Legion TD 2, and we consider it a privilege to be developing a game that so many people around the world want to play. AutoAttack Games was founded with the vision of creating Legion TD 2. Two years in, and we're just as passionate as we were on Day 1.We've done our best to show the highlights of Legion TD and why we believe Legion TD 2 should be made. We hope we've demonstrated our team's commitment to quality and ability to deliver.Your support will enable Legion TD 2 to stay in the hands of passionate gamers—the Legion TD team and the community—rather than outside investors.We hope you'll back us and join us in making Legion TD 2 a reality. Thanks again for your time, and let's make an awesome game!Learn about accountability on Kickstarter Post a comment at the top of the page, or say hello over social media! It only takes 15 seconds. We're excited to meet you and talk Legion TD 2. :) Risks and challenges We're aware of the many risks & challenges that Legion TD 2 faces: We're new at this. This is our first standalone game and our first Kickstarter campaign. To meet this challenge, we've partnered up with Ironbelly Studios, a team with 100+ projects under their belt, to be closely involved with the launch process. We're also in close contact with several other advisers from the game industry. Finally, we're very careful about adding any new features to the game beyond what is essential to gameplay. Multiplayer launch. Launching a multiplayer service that is accessible, performant, and stable, involves intelligent engineering and round-the-clock management. To meet this challenge, we've partnered up with Game-Hosting, a specialized provider of online game hosting services. Distribution. To meet the challenge of getting Legion TD 2 into the hands of players and keeping game files up-to-date, we're partnering with Steam, the largest digital game distributor. Steam integration will require some work on our part, but given the number of games launched through Steam, we're confident we can meet this challenge. Game performance. Optimizing the game to run smoothly requires systematic memory management, efficient algorithms, and clever graphics modeling. To meet this challenge, we're taking the time to measure performance and document behaviors from the start. Localization. To meet the challenge of launching Legion TD 2 in multiple languages, we're developing the game in such a way that tooltips, buttons, and other text items are kept in separate files from the rest of the game. This allows easy swapping between languages. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter