Safety Lens is an Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS), developed to improve safe driving. For everyone who owns an iPhone and a car which doesn’t have ADAS built-in, Safety Lens offers the most cost-effective solution to enhance your safety. Safety Lens ADAS is designed to avoid collisions and accidents by offering alerts to potential problems. Here's how: Plug and PlayWhen you place your iPhone on the magnetic mount, the software reminds you to place your iPhone in landscape in order to use Advanced Driver Assistance and it will tell you when it is ready to go. And when you take your iPhone from the mount, the location of your car is automatically saved so that you can easily find it back. Place your iPhone with just one hand on the magnetic mount Easy to use magnetic mount usable in portrait or landscape Automatic calibrationEvery time you place your iPhone on the Safety Lens magnetic mount, sophisticated software algorithms determine the way your iPhone is positioned in the car and the angle at which the camera will look at the road in front of you. So installing Safety Lens in another car is as easy as placing the mount, and putting your iPhone on it. Safety Lens contains 6 Advanced Driver Assistance features: Forward Collision WarningMore than 32% of all accidents are rear-end or forward collisions. Forward Collision Warning helps you to avoid rear-end collisions by providing a visual and audible warning in critical situations where a collision is imminent. When a vehicle that is driving in front of you breaks abruptly, a quick response may be required. Forward Collision Warning uses the smartphone’s rear camera and motion sensors to scan the area in front of the vehicle and to detect cars, buses, vans and trucks. Headway WarningTailgating causes 14% of all casualties in traffic. Headway Warning monitors the distance between you and the vehicle in front of you, and provides a visual and audible warning when the distance becomes unsafe. Headway Warning uses the smartphone’s rear camera and motion sensors to calculate the time and distance between you and the vehicle in front of you. At a speed greater than 30 km per hour, the system detects cars, buses, vans and trucks. Lane Departure WarningUnintended lane departure accounts for 56% of all traffic fatalities. Lane Departure Warning uses the smartphone’s rear camera and the motion sensors to scan the lane markings on the road, when you drive over 60 km per hour. It detects road curvature and tracks the lane marking no matter whether it is white, yellow, blue, continuous, dashed, boxed, botts’ dots or curbs. Traffic Sign RecognitionOf all traffic fatalities, 29% are speeding-related. Traffic Sign Recognition detects and recognizes traffic signs and displays them on the smartphone’s screen, in case you missed one of them. When you exceed a speed limit that is in the map, a speed warning will assist you by issuing an audible warning saying “Mind your speed”.List with available countries > Pedestrian Collision WarningIn traffic, 1 pedestrian is killed every 2 hours. Pedestrian Collision Warning helps you to avoid collisions with pedestrians by detecting moving and stationary pedestrians up to 50 meters in front of the vehicle. When traveling below 60 km per hour, the Pedestrian Collision Warning uses the smartphone’s rear camera and motion sensors to track pedestrians. Stop & Go AssistMore than 20% of all accidents occur in bumper-to-bumper and stop-and-go traffic. When traveling under 30 km per hour and the distance to the vehicle ahead is less than 2.5 meter, Stop & Go Assist warns you with an audible warning saying “Watch out for vehicle!”. Stop & Go Assist lets you also know when traffic is starting to move from standing still in front of a red traffic light or in a traffic jam by providing an audible warning. When the vehicle in front of you starts moving, it will help you by saying “Moving traffic!”.Advanced Driver Assistance notifications on Apple WatchSafety Lens delivers Advanced Driver Assistance notifications to your wrist. First, install Magic Earth for Apple Watch and add a Magic Earth complication to your Watch face. When a visual alert is shown on the iPhone screen and you hear a warning sound or message, the Magic Earth Apple Watch app generates a subtle haptic feedback on your Apple Watch. Helping you to never miss a warning.Safety Lens is the ultimate accessory for your iPhone. And although Apple Watch is not required, if you happen to have one, you can receive your alerts right where you want them most. On your wrist. Apple Watch Advanced Driver Assistance Notifications Safety Lens requires a compatible iPhone. An Apple Watch is not required except for the Apple Watch specific features. iPhone and Apple Watch are not included in Safety Lens. The transfer of notifications from iPhone to Apple Watch is subject to a ‘budget’ which is provided by WatchOS. Delivery of notifications on Apple Watch may be temporarily suspended in case no more budget is provided by WatchOS. Safety Lens and Magic Earth – Hardware and software working hand in hand together. Magic Earth features OpenStreetMap, 3D and Satellite maps, Navigation, HD Traffic, Transit and Offline maps. Entirely free.Advanced Driver Assistance integrated with Turn-by-Turn navigation The Advanced Driver Assistance alerts and Traffic Sign Recognition are integrated with state-of-the-art turn-by-turn navigation of Magic Earth. Lane Departure Warning and Traffic Sign Recognition integrated with turn-by-turn navigation Of course you also get everything else Magic Earth for iPhone has to offer – such as 3D maps, car/pedestrian and bicycle navigation, public transportation (Transit) and offline maps. Forward Collision Warning and Traffic Sign Recognition with turn-by-turn navigation Beat the trafficSave your family frustrating moments with up-to-the minute HD traffic integrated with our sophisticated routing engine. “A faster route is available that can save you 6 minutes!” List with available countries > Safety Lens contains the easiest to use car mount that discretely holds your iPhone using a transparent clear case. And taking it off is just as easy as placing it on the mount – with just one hand. Mount with just one hand A transparent protective case. A small and super strong magnetic mount, with a TPU coated suction cup and a complimentary Dashboard Mount Disk, in case you wish to use Safety Lens on your dashboard. Safety Lens is the ultimate accessory for your iPhone. And although Apple Watch is not required, if you happen to have one, you can receive your alerts right where you want them most. On your wrist. Photograph Safety Lens Components Designed to install in seconds. And to enjoy a lifetime.No expensive installations by specialists. No time-consuming visits to car repair shops to get started. Hassle free installation. Safety Lens can be installed in seconds and the software automatically calibrates in less than a minute. Project statusWe are in production and in November we will be ready to ship. Risks and challenges Safety Lens products are nearly complete. We’re currently ramping up at our factories and are ready to meet the estimated delivery times. We’ve done our very best to forecast demand and create a solid production plan. Sometimes forecasts don’t always hit the mark. Should we miss projections, we’ll let you know why and make it right as quickly as possible. Supply Chain Risk We have a very capable team who work hard to ensure smooth delivery of all our products. However, component delays and unexpected shortages can occur. If this happens, we’ll be sure to keep you informed and work to quickly solve the problem. Terms and Conditions Backers with EU shipping addresses will be responsible for paying duties and taxes at the time of shipping. Our privacy policy is available at https://generalmagic.com/privacy/ Our warranty is available at https://generalmagic.com/warranty/ Learn about accountability on Kickstarter