Gizmag: "Wireless WeKast offers alternative solution to awkward laptop presentations" Gizmag Tweet: "Embarrassed by awkward presentations? Mobile WeKast takes you from zero to pro" CNX Software: "App-Based Presentation Solutions, WeKast is a HDMI & VGA Wireless Display Dongle for Business Presentations" Geeky Gadgets: "WeKast Plug And Cast Portable Presentation System Unveiled"Time of Israel: "Startup, WeKast, puts you in control of your presentation" Introducing WeKast – WeKast is a pocket-sized professional presentation solution that you can count on. You can present your content straight from your smartphone, tablet or laptop. WeKast delivers it where you want-- to ANY screen. Simple and streamlined. Just plug and cast!Presentation Nightmares We have all been there. You have an awesome presentation, you're dressed to kill and then the technology fails. The WiFi is down, you have the wrong plug or it is plain taking forever. Now, you're stressed and the clients that you are supposed to impress are now staring at their watches, or worse-- they glaring at you. Not a good way to make a first impression. Even if you get it to work - you’ve lost your edge. The WeKast Solution Imagine... you show up at your meeting, plug the wireless WeKast into any HDMI or VGA port, open your fantastic presentation on your device and you're ready to go. You control everything -- slides, business docs, videos or photos -- from the app. With no wires, tech problems or hassle. You can smile, relax and engage with your audience. You got this. WeKast has your back! No setup. Just plug & cast! No need to rely on any other device or equipment No need to rely on local WIFI No need to carry around anything other than your phone and your WeKast Freedom to move around the room, while controlling everything from your phone WHAT'S UNIQUE? WeKast is the only mobile-based professional presentation solution that completely eliminates the awkward set-up process while increasing mobility and engagement. WeKast was designed for a professional environment with mobility and simplicity in mind. Other wireless mobile solutions, like Chromecast or Apple TV, are great for watching movies or listening to music at home but we feel they are not suitable for business use due in part to lengthy setups. They need a 10-20 minutes setup for every change in meeting location, you have to repeat the process and connect to the local WIFI. Home solutions are impractical and unreliable for business meetings. WeKast does not need any set up. It lets you connect without requiring a setup, an internet connection or even a laptop. If you still prefer to use your laptop, you can also do so without needing cables or adapters that ties you to one spot. HOW IT WORKS Our 2 steps solution could not be any easier: 1) Plug Wekast to any TV or projector using the HDMI or VGA port - WeKast acts as a WiFi router that communicates automatically to your phone or tablet. 2) Open the app and select a preloaded presentation. You can upload directly any files from your Dropbox or Google Drive. One click and you are presenting. The app supports files into a mobile format keeping fonts, colors and videos intact. It’s also easy to preload presentations on your device from your PC. Just use our built-in PowerPoint plug-in to send files. Once you open the app, your presentations will be downloaded and ready to go. WEKAST ENGAGEMENT PLATFORM The best presentations are conversations where you can interact with your audience. This is why we came up with WeKast ENGAGE. WeKast engagement platform will allow you to: 1) Share your slides live with attendees 2) Collect feedback in real time 3) Follow up with attendees/ send your presentation 4) Engage with your broader audience via Social Media channels Our goal is to make meetings more social, interactive and dynamic. And at the same time, making it easy to connect any screens together and share experiences anywhere. To Sum it Up The exact specifications are subject to minor changes as we optimize the design for mass production. Want to see WeKast in 3D? Press play: WeKast by wekast on Sketchfab BEHIND THE SCENES WEKAST IT ANYWHERE Present from your phone, to any screen, anywhere you want.. Wanna show pictures of your vacation to your family & friends? Just WeKast it. Meeting up with colleague or a friend at a cafe and want to show something on the TV? Just WeKast it. ABOUT US WeKast was born out of necessity, for our own use. We then realized that so many of our friends felt the same way. After carrying our laptops around, untangling wires, and having to rely on spotty wifi networks one too many times, we knew we needed to create a device that provided setup-free mobile presentations. It was time to put an end to the painful presentation process that wastes time and that has not been disrupted in years. Our company is passionate with creating an unmatched solution that’s easy-to-use. Our mission is to provide a reliable presenting solution to help people optimize their presentations in every way. So far all of our feedback has been over the top, everyone from professionals “on-the-go” to entrepreneurs are enjoying the many useful benefits of WeKast. Together with our team, we take our passion for innovation beyond our products and in every decision we make. HOW CAN YOU HELP? We've now finalized our WeKast prototype, but moving to the production phase requires significant capital and scale. We need your help to finance the required tooling and meet minimum order quantities. We've spent months working out all of the details at all levels of this project, and are very excited about finally having the opportunity to bring the simplicity and reliability of WeKast to each one of you. With your help we can make the perfect presentation solution available to everyone. If you are someone who shares great ideas and needs a professional tool that you can rely on, back WeKast. Because there's no second chance for a first impression. SPREAD THE WORD The WEKAST needs pledging but above all it needs your attention and interest! If you love this product as much as we do then please take a moment to click on one of our social media buttons. Help us spread the word and get things started! Thank You! We are beyond grateful to everyone who has reviewed an backed our campaign and helping us spread the word. We have spent the last few months working hard to bring our vision to life in this campaign and it was worth every minute thanks to all our generous supporters. Please know your efforts, even the smallest, don’t go unnoticed. We will continue to keep you posted on what your donation helped us achieve. You are part of our WEKAST family. Risks and challenges We have developed our plan for manufacturing in Asia and for shipping to our backers around the world. We have sourced the factories for all of WeKast's major components. During the production process, we expect to make minor changes to optimize the design for mass production. On the logistics side, we have established partnerships with a US fulfillment house and international shippers to help the WeKasts get to where they’re going quickly and safely. We have taken the time to get nearly everything in place before launching this campaign. We took the risk up front by delaying the launch of this campaign until we believed it was ready, to lessen the risk to our backers. We have a great team in place so we don't predict many obstacles here. But there is always the unknown. But we will face every obstacle with the same tenacity and perseverance that we have from the start. We pledge to keep our backers well-informed in a timely manner throughout the entire production process and to do everything we can to deliver the WeKast to you as planned. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter