I am asking for your help to create two individual, engaging, educational and historically accurate 50-minute presentations. Each will be available on either a DVD, or, as an interactive, personal presentation and focus on one of two of ancient Greece's greatest legacies: the origin of the International Olympics, or, the origin of Western Democracy. Some components of these presentations presently exist: original photography, a free-standing, 20' X 8', double-sided exhibit as well as drafts of scripts based on more than 25 years of individual research. However, much more will be needed to complete and launch the entire project. A power-point video for the live presentation will need to be created. Full, direct- marketing, media and public relations campaigns will be necessary to launch the project and maintain its viability. Both presentations will be created and designed for all audiences, with a special version for grammar and high school students and a more extensive version for college and university students, museums, church and civic organizations and cultural institutions.Project History: "Ancient Olympia, A Panoramic Odyssey"Between 1990 and 2007, my company, "Dogs Up A Tree Photos," had created enough unique photographs of Greece to excite both the Greek Ministry of Tourism in New York City and the Greek Ministry of Culture in Athens. During that time, my friend and mentor, Mike Lawton and I had photographed more than 25 different ancient and modern tourist destinations in Greece and her Islands, including the entire site at ancient Olympia and the Athenian Acropolis. The resulting multi-format images became visual time capsules that would chronicle the legendary myths of ancient gods, geographical beauty and indelibly grand history that still lives today. I have also devoted many years of individual research to each of these topics which has enabled me to create captivating and diverse narratives. With a combination of intriguing scripts and unique photos, these presentations bring to life, two historically significant and relevant topics in a fun, factual and engaging manor.In early 2004, I created my first exhibit, "Ancient Olympia, a Panoramic Odyssey." Personally funded, it was money well spent as it opened in September at Del Ray Beach, Florida's "Cornell Museum of Art and History." It was comprised of 18 different photographs, 9 of which were 8' x 2' panoramas, hung by velcro on tall, black carpeted panels that were attached to a long, collapsible, double-sided, 20' by 8' aluminum frame. Below each photo was a written description. For example, under the 8' X 2' panorama of the original 776 B.C. stadium and its running track is this copy: "The Ancient Games took place in either the stadium or hippodrome. Legend has it that the length of the stadium's track of 600 feet was determined by the demigod Hercules, who placed his feet end-to-end 600 times. Still visible today are the original "grooved marble sills" from which the ancient runners sprang and ran to either victory or defeat. There was no second place. It was win or lose. These powerful, ancient athletes were given apples as a symbol of their victory. It was not until after the sixth Olympiad (752 B.C.), that King Iphitos of the District of Elis (Olympia) consulted with the Oracle of Delphi who instructed him to "henceforth crown the victors with a wreath made of wild olive branches." Because of this unique display of extraordinary photos and scripted history, you can casually stroll around the exhibit and read about or listen to my narration that describes the entire original site of the first Olympic Games in 776 B.C.. You will learn about the sacred temples dedicated to the ancient gods, the training and competition venues, the amazing athletes, their diets and training regimens, their complete or partial nudity, the quarters and dedicated buildings either built by or for prominent guests, the separate women's games, the wall of shame, Plato's visits and much, much more. "All Sides of the Parthenon, a Touring Exhibition" My second personally funded exhibit, made its debut at the "Coral Springs (Florida) Museum of Art" between May - August, 2010. Comprised of more than 60 different, unique panoramic and regular format photographs, its stunning visual impact had been created between May 8 -15, 2007. At that time, with permissions secured from the Greece Ministry of Culture by Attorney Michael J. Reppas, president of the "American Committee for the Reunification of the Parthenon Sculptures, my company returned to Greece to create another historic, aesthetic and educational portfolio. Remarkably, we were allowed access to photograph from within the Athenian Parthenon which had not been allowed since the late 1970's. Refurbishing scaffolding enabled us to stand on original 2,500 year old Pentelic marble and capture unprecedented perspectives from heights 60-feet above the ancient temple's floor! The Parthenon portfolio, which was also photographed panoramically, digitally and on film, consists of more than 700 images.Within the past four years, presentations from San Francisco, CA to Columbus, OH to Newport, RI, have validated the broad appeal of these two ancient stories. High school and grammar school teachers would come up afterwards and ask if I would speak at their schools. People young and old, would come up to ask questions about each of these topics. What kinds of games were played? Did they really compete naked? Why? Did girls compete too? How big is the Parthenon and why are there just remains? Why was it built it and who built it? What do the Parthenon and ancient Olympia have in common? Way too many questions to answer here. Perhaps, you have one as well. The seed of a widely educational idea has begun to germinate.So, why should you consider contributing to this project? Certain aspects of all ancient civilizations continue to speak to us today, some more loudly than others. So, I ask you to help me tell these great stories in a fun, easy to understand, pertinent and aesthetic fashion. I am excited about taking this living history directly to as many people as possible through schools, colleges, universities, civic and cultural venues, museums, religious and artistic institutions. Perhaps it will create a spark of interest in the minds of the curious to understand how their personal heritage and culture still impacts each of our lives today and to learn how these two institutions came to be. Please help me spread the word.With a very sincere "thank you," Peter C. Yalanis Risks and challenges Initially, there will be challenges in culling the hundreds of images into a cohesive hour's worth of visuals to transfer onto DVD. I am fortunate to have an internationally renowned Greek video production company to assist and perform this aspect. Another challenge might be taking this presentation "on the road" with new or existing exhibits. Creating smaller, but complete versions of each exhibit would allow for much easier travel. Perhaps the biggest challenge of this project's success is getting the word out consistently and to the right markets. If no one knows about these presentations, they too will remain dormant fragments of the past. My education and sales experience will help me to locate and inform all those who might be interested in this project and its timeless value. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter