There are so many stories about our world, our cities, who we are and what we do. We believe these stories will enrich our lives when we read them on the right location.Help us build a free app so that we can all learn and discover the world in a way we never have before. Arrive at a location, read what other people had to say about, write your own take, and share it. We've got the layout. We've got the team. We've got our plans. We just need your backing to deliver the free app.This application gives you the opportunity to become part of a new community. Whether its in your own town or based on traveling through the world.You can read the story and reviews that others shared about a specific location and it allows you to write and share your own.Best of all, the information is quickly available to you when you are at the site. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 We let the information come to you. Just like a spider does in his web, the spider can feel what information is important. With Sharon every little bit of information we write, is being written on a ‘board’ to share with the world. Every board created is rated individually. The most favorable become more visible and if you don't like it you don't see it anymore. This way we know what becomes relevant on each and every spot.A spider is working only by himself and therefore there is a center in his web. We make this application for everybody. We don’t have just one center, we have every point in the world as a center. So wherever you are, we can show you the right information and wherever you are, you can write about your spot to share on the world web. Upon opening the application your location is instantly captured and Sharon brings you information in a format that we call boards within nearest distance of your current location. If you want to share your stories or knowledge you can easily make a new board to do so, upload your desired photo’s, write your stories and continue to the next screen. Here your location will be automatically attached though geo-tracking. You can select your language and the category you feel fits your board best. When you are finished, just upload your board or choose to save it for later, it’s that easy to share and highlights our world’s beauty for others to discover. Content that you feel does not pertain to your interests will be filtered out, therefore making interesting content more relevant. The application itself is free to download for all users. Companies are welcome to share their stories with Sharon. However for commercial use they are required to pay a fee. In addition, if a user decides they no longer want to view advertising boards they can purchase a feature to do so. With this feature commercial use can be simply turned on/off at their will with an “eye” icon located at the bottom of their screen.Some of the worlds most profound locations aren't located on a map nor frequently visited. Let us together expand our world by sharing our insight and knowledge with others. By relying on anything other than ourselves we limit what we can expose ourselves to.Pledge now and get your lifetime subscription as a reward!Now you know how the app works... but how does it feel when you hold you're own boards in your hand? a few examples: We’ve created the following categories to make it easier for you to navigate through the collection of our boards. Through science and technology we improve our knowledge. As humans we are active and have diverse lifestyles. We discover cultures, we are traveling. We learn about people and society. We see the history and nature of the world changing and we can share our thoughts and everything else on Sharon. We can show you what you want to see, and what you want to discover. Together we can attach all our information to a web around the world. We want to invest your money as best as possible. We will use your money to make the best possible app.For every reward we send stickers, these stickers can be used to make others aware of Sharon. The stickers are designed with a QR code. When entering the site we show a download button for Sharon, What Sharon does and we show a list with your name on it. You guys are the beginning from this community. 1 StickersWho doesn't enjoy stickers? With every pledge available, stickers are included. Highlight your favorite places, spread word over Sharon at your home or business. +1 Higher rewardYou'll receive one extra large sticker with more detailed information and a special thanks to those who pledge enough for the higher rewards. 2 Honorable mention With your support we succeed. We want to give you credit for your efforts by placing your name on our website. So you can be recognized as a backer. Your help goes a long way, so you name will be always visible as a contributor.3 Lifetime Subscription With a lifetime subscription you receive exactly that. Your Pledge will allow you to utilize this application without initial purchase, and later purchases. This includes being able to switch on and off advertisement boards as you wish, for free!3* Beta access In our featured pledges you will see that some offer Beta Access, this is limited to a certain number of backers. With Beta Access you receive early access to our application. Not only is this early access exciting for you but also helpful for us. Suggestions? Issues? Ideas? Your usage can impact Sharon in many positive ways as you participatie in creating and sharing the very first boards. The Beta is estimated to be available December 2015. 4 Access to best Boards Receive access to a registered part of the website featured with the best boards. Log in to our website with your own online access code and view the highest rated boards (late 2016). Discover the most note-worthy destinations.5 Team member Q&A Questions about us? Questions about Sharon? Arrange time for a 1-1 discussion with a member from our team. We look forward to meeting you and addressing your questions or hearing more about you. You can choose with whom you want to speak with at a later time. 6 Write with usBy collaborating with us we will create a special board with your selected content. From the start your board will be placed in the application and forever be visible and uncatergotised. Links can be attached, this is a great way to direct users to a business, organization, or whatever you desire. 7 Celebrate a new startA time to celebrate, A time to stand our story, A time to discuss, A time to begin, Together with you, Together with those who have similar interests. Together we will start and celebrate the beginning of Sharon. We are continuously working on this service. The team is ready to go, the lay out is finished and we have a plan for the future, but first and most importantly, the last portion of this innovative concept is building the application itself and this will be costing time and therefore money.We need the money for server capacity, for developing the app and for promotion purposes. Nothing is free unfortunately, but with your help we can make this application available for everybody.We want you, your friends, and your family to be a part of Sharon and discover the new world. We want EVERYONE to be part of Sharon. So, Share it on, and create a web attached to our world. Risks and challenges With developing an app, comes risks and challenges. We are gaining tremendous progress every day. The design is ready, our concept and vision is clear, with more additional features to be revealed. Our team is continuously working to make Sharon a success. However, our biggest risk remains: Community. We need community and support. We need your help to bring Sharon to life. We need a growing community to become real. This is the reason why we feature Sharon on Kickstarter: to grow and gain support. Without your help and belief, Sharon will stay just as a concept. Should we experience any significant delays with development, fulfillment, or shipping etc., we will notify all backers. We believe it is important to keep open communication with all supporters. Feel free to reach out to us at hello@sharon.life with additional questions you may have. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter