Thank you to all of our ardent supporters! Even though we didn't reach our goal on Kickstarter, we've learned a lot and will be continuing to pursue the project. To follow our journey and be a part of the community, check out our website: www.thereelstudio.com and follow us on Twitter and Instagram: @thereelstudio and like us on Facebook: facebook.com/thereelstudiodotcom. If you'd like to continue supporting this project, please consider making a donation through our PayPal account. Thank you! We look forward to seeing YOU in The Reel Studio! Introducing the first series of FREE filmmaking master classes with top professionals in the business. The Reel Studio offers the unique online experience of watching iconic filmmakers demonstrate their craft for a real production. Watch a scene evolve from the perspective of different departments, follow a filmmaker's creative process from development through completion, and learn the tricks and techniques of their trade by trying it out for yourself in our corresponding games and interactive features. Each Master Class has over 5 hours of easy to navigate video content, including the evolution of a scene, basic tutorials, and a filmmaker interview and at least one filmmaker specific game. Production 1 features Master Classes with cinematographer Dean Cundey, ASC lighting and filming and composer Charles Bernstein scoring a suspense scene. Our next Production will be two master classes featuring screenwriter Jim Uhls writing an action sequence and stuntmen Cory DeMeyers and Jesse La Flair coordinating, choreographing, and performing the stunts. ...the computer screen, that is. There is so much the internet and The Reel Studio have to offer, but sometimes it's great to experience things outside of the virtual world. The Reel Studio adds events to the long and versatile list of things it has to offer. We hope to expand to other cities in the future, but for now we're focused on coordinating great events to our LA community. Some examples include:Reel Meetups are our weekly Tuesday industry mixer in the Downtown Arts District. (Check out more details and RSVP here: http://www.meetup.com/The-Reel-Studio-L-A-Have-a-drink-talk-about-movies/) The Making Of is a week long festival of classic movie screenings and filmmaker Q&As at the Arclight Hollywood November 3-10. (Check out more details in our perk section!) We believe film education should be available to everyone and need YOUR help to make it happen. In order to offer the 20+ hours of this incredible content, we need to raise a minimum of $100,000 by October 12! The Reel Studio and the Arclight are proud to announce a new week long festival of the best classic movies and filmmaker Q&As at the ArcLight Hollywood November 3-10. Wes Craven's A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET with composer Charles Bernstein is scheduled for 6P Sunday, November 3 and John Carpenter’s THE THING with producer Larry Franco and cinematographer Dean Cundey is scheduled for 8P Monday, November 4. More movies and filmmakers to be announced soon. :) Advance tickets available as a perk to support The Reel Studio. Each $20 donation includes admittance for one, popcorn and one drink plus access to The Reel Studio beta. (The Arclight has reserved 30 of the best seats for our backers! Want more than one ticket?) Each filmmaker Q&A will be filmed and posted as part of The Reel Studio's free content. (Want to see a particular movie on the big screen or filmmaker Q&A? Email us at info@thereelstudio.com and let us know!) See what we've shot so far:This isn't your typical Master Class. The Reel Studio is working with the best living filmmakers to bring you a webseries on how to make movies that is fun, informative, and cinematic. The great news? (There's MORE great news!?!) The Master Class doesn't stop at the videos. Experience our featured filmmakers' creative process for yourself in each accompanying game. See what iconic filmmakers and other industry professionals are working on through our social media features. This is The Reel Studio. Check out the examples below from our Production 1 - The Evolution of a Suspense Scene with cinematographer Dean Cundey, ASC and composer Charles Bernstein to get an idea of what you can expect from a Master Class.THE INTERVIEWDuring the Interview, filmmakers talk about their experiences, share how they got to where they are today, tell stories from on set, and give insights into their creative genius. THE BASICSFilmmakers discuss basic concepts, techniques, and technologies related to their craft. CREATING A SCENEWe join our featured filmmaker on a film set or in their studio where they demonstrate their craft for the evolution of a scene. Watch as they apply their skills. Learn nuances, insights, and trade secrets that have taken them decades to acquire. GAMES and INTERACTIVE FEATURESNow it's your turn. Try your hand at the skills our filmmakers have demonstrated. All of the activities are designed to give you a chance to make your own creative choices. THE PRODUCTIONOne of the unique features of The Reel Studio is that the Master Classes intertwine. Instead of having lots of stand-alone Master Classes with each focusing on a different project, we have multiple filmmakers working on a single production - just like in real life - so you can see each highlighted crew member and how their craft contributes to the final product. In our first Production, we pair cinematographer Dean Cundey ASC (Halloween, Jurassic Park, Back to the Future) and composer Charles Bernstein (Nightmare on Elm Street, Inglourious Basterds) to create a one-minute suspense scene. Cinematography Master Class with Dean Cundey, ASC - In Post-ProductionDean Cundey discusses Basic Lighting concepts using models to demonstrate the effect of various lighting techniques. He then discusses how to light a nighttime suspense scene, complete with lightning and candlelight. He guides a full production crew, including actors, through the creative process, coaching and explaining how to use lighting and framing to build the suspense, including the best way to hold a knife to make it catch a glint of light. The game accompanying this Master Class allows you to select any combination of lights Dean used for the suspense scene and play the whole master shot of that scene with those lights! See how the scene changes if you use just the lightning, or add a soft fill light. This required that we shoot our suspense scene 121 different times with every different combination of lighting! Film Scoring Master Class with Charles Bernstein - In ProductionCharles Bernstein discusses how composing music for visual content is different from composing by itself. He covers how to select the style of music and how to match the music with what's happening in the scene. For the Production, he composes several tracks to demonstrate how music can change and shape the overall impact of the scene. The film scoring game will allow you to change elements in the music, or the genre of music, to see how you would score the suspense scene. How would it sound with just violins? Or just percussion? Stuntmen Cory DeMeyers and Jesse La Flair, on returning from their 1st and 3rd wins at the international Red Bull Art of Motion freerunning competition, have agreed to partner up with The Reel Studio to give a stunts Master Class demonstrating how to coordinate, choreograph and perform the stunts for an action scene written by Jim Uhls. The stunt Master Class will include an interactive game where you can decide which stunts to use and build your own action sequence. .... As voracious movie/TV lovers and creators ourselves, we here at The Reel Studio believe that the entertainment industry will benefit from a community dedicated to the art of visual storytelling, a place to learn the nuances of our chosen crafts and to engage with iconic filmmakers. And for all those film geeks out there, The Reel Studio is a way to experience what it’s like to be on set and find out what the thousands of names in the credits actually do. Who knows, you might even find yourself on a set one day! The Reel Studio awaits. Come join the adventure! Risks and challenges What are the Risks and Challenges? The worlds of film production and web development are inherently tricky, as both are subject to many unknown factors. There are a lot of people, and most terrifyingly, technological devices, involved in all aspects of creating The Reel Studio. Thus, we will be navigating and subsequently adapting to busy filmmakers' schedules, inevitable equipment malfunctions, and the evolving emotional needs of all involved. For instance, why did the memory card just delete all of our amazing footage? Maybe it just couldn't handle the pressure? Let's shower the memory card with positive affirmations, then run through it again. However, if you've made it this far, you've probably noticed that we are working with accomplished industry veterans in the fields of both web and film. That is not happenstance; we've specifically sought out these web engineers and filmmakers because we want to deliver the highest quality experience in a timely fashion. These individuals are not only skilled, but enterprising, which is absolutely vital to success in both industries. The Fine Print (which, for your sake, is conveniently presented in a highly legible-sized print) • For those of you visiting our set, we anticipate shooting from January to March 2014 in Los Angeles. However, this has the potential to change. We will keep you updated so you can plan ahead to visit us. • You must be over 18 or accompanied by a parent or legal guardian (who will count as your plus one) to attend the premiere or visit the set. • Some rewards may require additional paperwork. This is to protect and insure all parties involved. • This fundraising campaign is all subject to filmmaker schedules, applicable Kickstarter rules/regulations, movie and television guild rules and applicable law. If any of this conflicts, we will work with you in good faith to give you a substitute reward • If you choose a perk that requires shipping (T-shirt, Poster, Slate) and you live outside the U.S. we will add the shipping cost to your perk. Don’t worry, we won’t charge you any more than it costs us to ship it to you, wherever you are. • If you choose a perk that involves coming to Los Angeles, you will be responsible for the cost of any travel, lodging and food, except for any food that will be provided on set or at the specific event. You will also be responsible for scheduling and finding your own lodging. We are not responsible for replacing an event if you are unable to attend a scheduled activity with The Reel Studio. • For those that participate in the Beta release of The Reel Studio, we will do our best to listen to all your feedback and make as many improvements as we can. However, we reserve the right to decide whether or not to make changes based on your feedback. • We are designing The Reel Studio for mobile, tablet and web access. Technology continues to evolve, and fast. We will do our best to make The Reel Studio available on as many devices as possible, but we may have to make some tradeoffs in choosing which devices to support, at least initially. • Development and production costs may vary from the estimates given. We will do our best to provide the number of episodes and interactive activities we’ve promised, but if we find that the cost of providing content for a specific episode exceeds the estimate, we will opt for quality over quantity. Similarly, as we develop the online experience, in order to provide the best user experience possible, our schedules and features may change from what has been promised. Don’t despair, though. Our goal is to bring you as much quality content as we possibly can in the shortest amount of time possible. We hope you understand! Ultimately, The Reel Studio is bringing together a stellar team to bring our vision to fruition. It’s impossible to guarantee that everything will come together exactly as planned, but in the end, we will present you with an interactive experience unlike anything you’ve seen and that we can all be excited about. We thank you for anything you can give to make this project possible. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter