More information can be found at www.savvymusic.org.Kickstarter is all-or-nothing! If we don't meet our goal by Feb. 1, we don't get funded and you don't give anything.Even if all you can give is $2, we would sincerely appreciate any support you could give. We will be offering a lot to the community during this event and we could really use your support! Thank you!Just FYI, when you pledge your support, it doesn't get processed until February, which will only happen when and if we meet our goal of $10,000.It sounds like a lot of money, but if we only got 331 people to give $30 for a t-shirt & digital download of concerts, we would make our goal! Obviously, it would require a lot less people the more you give, where you'll also receive more and better rewards for your generous contributions!About the Music WorkshopThe Savvy Music Workshop, held in Charlotte, NC from June 18-29, 2012, will offer an opportunity for developing composers to sharpen their skills and have invaluable collaborations with world-class musicians & composers. This is a one-of-a-kind experience that is not even offered in our region!The workshop is seeking funding to help support the costs not fully covered by the participants' tuition, and every little bit that is donated really does help! We hope that this will be an annual event, so with your help, we can get a name out there, build a good reputation, and offer something prestigious (while keeping it affordable), with the participants and community receiving the most gain.One-of a kind artistic excellence in new music for our community will further the creativity of artists and expose the public to something that we rarely get to see/hear. Workshop participants along with the composers and musicians will have the rare educational experience of working together to perfect their music and learn how to write more fluently for the instruments. While doing this, the composers, performers, and the music and arts scene will gain invaluable exposure. We also want to invite the public to come see and be a part of the rare and rich learning atmosphere & listen to concerts of quality art.Workshop opportunities include:-lectures, presentations, workshops, & private lessons with world-renowned guest composers-masterclasses, rehearsals, & workshops, with professional performers-one-on-one critique and feedback of music by the guest artists-public concerts featuring new music by the students -choreographer & composer collaboration followed by a concert performance-other collaboration opportunities-free time to compose new music while attending the workshopIf you're not familiar with Kickstarter, the way it works is you receive a reward for an accompanying pledge in support of the project. The more you pledge the better rewards you get & the better we both feel :-)Rewards Include: Being positive & encouraging and receiving good vibes, :-D Digital Download of album Mailed hard copy of CD (you can also have this signed) Beautifully designed music poster Artistically designed poster representing music composition (you can also have this signed) T-Shirt with music design Signed copy of a composer's score Original and personalized melody composed for you or a person of your choosing VIP seating at concerts & access to workshop events. Ad space on website & concert programs Luxurious VIP dinner followed by a private concert (performed by the composers and musicians) where you will get to meet and converse with resident composers and musicians. This will take place at an exclusive estate on a lake (near Charlotte, NC) during the workshop. Private VIP Concert at your house! Why do we need this to happen?The Composers Workshop originated because there is a serious need for the training and education of music creation in our area as a result of the city’s rapid growth in every sector, including the arts. Charlotte is the 6th largest urban area in the U.S. and we take pride in music with the symphony, opera, touring Broadway musicals, etc.; but the “new music" scene in Charlotte Metro is really lacking. New music supported and created by people in the area adds to a city’s culture and identity. Many cities are known for the music that is created and performed there. Unfortunately, for my colleagues and myself, universities and schools in the area do not offer programs of study for music composition. Events such as this one will lead to much more than what we are planning just for this summer and lead to more programs as we grow. Summer training programs in music are common throughout other parts of the country, but the cost of attendance can run upwards of $3-5k. Our goal is to put together an affordable event that will provide excellent training grounds for composers studying at the advanced or collegiate level. At the same time, we will be promoting the composers, the extremely talented musicians, concert venues, and our area's new music scene. Here's what happens to your money when you back the workshop: "Why you need all this money?!"Your most generous contributions will go towards: Promoting the workshop and concerts Lodging/food expenses for volunteers and 12-16 participants during the 2 weeks Transportation Guests' compensation for travel & time Concert venues, fees, & expenses Recording & editing the album Materials for the workshop Miscellaneous costs: printing, refreshments, postage, website, etc... Additional funds above our goal will go towards scholarships for participants Participants will enjoy attractive lake-front accommodations (nicer & cheaper than a hotel) during their stay, with tuition, housing, transportation, and meals all-inclusive in the price of the workshop. This is done so that they can focus on what they came to do: Compose Music!If you would like to receive a combination of rewards, add up the rewards into one pledge & send a message telling me what rewards you would like. If you have questions, send a message beforehand telling me what you would like and I will get back to you quickly.ALL donors will be listed on a page on the website and in our concert programs!More information can be found at www.savvymusic.orgVideo: Edited & salvaged by Ben Smith; Soundtrack of musical compositions by Elizabeth Kowalski & also by Matthew Primm.