Imagine your camping, hiking, bussiness traveller, out at a late night club, festival or a vehicle breakdown and your phone runs out of power !!! Flat Attack will give you 60 minutes of talk time, 2 hours of text or 7 hours on standby.Flat Attack does not replace your day to day charger. Flat Attack is an emergency top up / Juice up charge, for android and apple devices, when you are away from normal power means. Imagine your camping, hiking, bussiness traveller, out at a late night club, festival or a vehicle breakdown and your phone runs out of power !!! Flat Attack will give you 60 minutes of talk time, 2 hours of text or 7 hours on standby.Flat Attack does not replace your day to day charger. Flat Attack is an emergency top up / Juice up charge, for android and apple devices, when you are away from normal power means. Thank you all for your support and help in spreading the word on your sites: Flat Attack is an Australian Designed, emergency charger for when you have NO JUICE or your phone battery is DEAD FLAT. Flat Attack uses state of the art technology that maximises the energy from one AA battery and converts this energy faster than a USB lap top lead charger. This is the problem: Other charging devices are very heavy, bulky and they have long and cumbersome leads that are easy to misplace. This is the solution: Flat Attack Flat Attack will not go dead like rechargables, AA batteries last for years when not in use. Flat Attack has been designed to comply with the new (green) environmental standards, that have been implemented for charging devices to the European Standard. This is another current problem: U.S. Tightens Security on Electronics at Overseas AirportsWASHINGTON — The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) will not allow cellphones or other electronic devices on U.S.-bound planes at some overseas airports if the devices are not charged up. Officials are concerned that a cellphone, tablet, laptop or other electronic device could be used as an explosive device. New Focus on Electronic Devices for U.S.-Bound Airline Passengers — Reuters First published July 7th 2014, 1:49 am.This is the solution: Flat AttackImagine you had a flat / dead mobile phone and a flat/ dead recharger. This would mean you will lose both devices, on the spot at the security check point.With Flat Attack you know your phone charger and phone will not be dead flat, because you are carring a Flat Attack. The AA battery will not become dead inside Flat Attack, whlst not being used. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Charging leads are often lost and add to all the Hydrocarbons (plastics) that enter as waste, into our environment. Flat Attack does not have all these extra leads. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Every Recharger has its function and placeRechargable Devices:Pros Can give a full charge or more.Cons If you have forgotten to recharge them, they go flat like your phone. Usually very bulky and require charging leads. When purchased from a shop they are generally low in charge. You require a power charge point (lap top) to charge them, which is not available 24 hours a day. Motion charge devices:Pros If you are out riding a bike or running all the time, they keep charging Cons If you have forgotten to recharge them, because they take a few hours of motion to recharge, they go flat. Usually very bulky and require charging leads. Flat Attack:Pros Provides a instant charge to a dead flat phone and will restart within a few minutes being ready to talk straight away. Flat Attack provides up to 7 hours of charge time. This can equate to up to 57% for Androids and 40% for Apple phones. You dont need to carry a big square 9 Volt battery in your pocket, Flat Attack's AA battery is encased safely within the Device. Flat Attack is small and can be kept in you pocket, key ring or handbag. As is widely known, AA batteries last for years and can hold their charge allowing for use at any point. AA batteries can be souced 24 hours a day. Flat Attack comes with clip on adapter for iPhone 4-6. which is the Apple 30 PIn and 8 PIn Lightning adapter. Cons Will not give you a full charge for daily use. Mobile phones are used these days for more than just phone calls. Flat Attack is small enough to place onto your key ring You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Flat Attack charging a Samsung Galaxy S2 Android (Micro USB) on the left and a Apple Iphone 5S (8 pin Lightning) on the right Note the Apple adapter (8 Pin Lightning) held securely in place with the key ring holder, when not in use. Flat Attack charging Apple Mini iPod with Apple 4 adapter (30 Pin Adapter) which comes in the Flat Attack Box. Flat Attack Chargers all smart phones, Ipods and select portable speakers, smart glasses and smart watches. Note Flat Attack comes with the 30 Pin and 8 Pin Lightning Adapters, that are secured on the key ring holder. Flat Attack charging a portable speaker with its inbuilt Micro USB (Android Connector) Flat Attack charging a Motorola 360 Smart Watch using the Micro USB Port. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 From Perth, Australia, we decided to use the amazing Kickstarter to launch Flat Attack and ship our first products to you, our backers ! With your support, the funds raised will be used to reach minimum order quantities with our factory and go straight into the first full production run, package and ship it to you. You get Flat Attack FIRST tin the World, so you can give Flat Attack to your friends and loved ones.Don't put your children, friends, loved ones, elderly and yourself at risk of not being able to contact each other by their mobile phones. Flat Attack Key Charger, Is just a smaller compact version of your normal charging USB Lead. It requires a power source like a laptop, just like your factory charing lead for your phone.Flat Attack Key Charger allows users to plug in and charge or sync devices from any computer without having to carry a charger. This device does not store power. The key charger comes in 2 types an Apple (8 Pin Lightning) or Android (Micro USB). Flat Attack Key Charger - USB Port Charger. Requires mains power from a lap top or USB connection to work. Photos Of Some Rewards Flat Attack has a permanent Micro USB (Android) head. See how the Apple 5-6 Adapter (8 Pin Lightning) is secured by the key ring holder. It is extremely secure. Flat Attack with the Micro USB Connector (Android Phone) in the ON Position. Also you can see the Apple 4 - (30 Pin) and Apple 5/6 Adapter - (8 Pin Lightning) which fastens securely onto the key ring holder. $50 Dollar Reward - Flat Attack Key Charger n your Key Ring - Replaces your phone charger lead so, no need to carry a long lead in your bag to work. Both devices in their packaging Be Green, save money and use rechargeable AA batteries.Just cycle you AA batteries through a charger like the picture below. Now if you think about it, you have just made Flat Attack into a rechargeable device. Included in the Family Pack - Energizer Battery Re Charger - Save money and the environment by rotating these batteries through your Flat Attack - Worth $66.78 AUD. Never buy batteries ever again. Flat Attack weights .035 Kgs or 35 grams including the battery - length is 100 mm Width is 20 mm.Flat Attack comes with the Apple 4/5/6 adapter key ring clip. Flat Attack has no adapter wires. It clips onto your key ring. Real Techy Stuff:Flat Attack Technical Specifications - by Jake King - Security Engineer Hootsuite and Design and Electrical Consultant, R&D. Debtone Enterprises (some information has been omitted to protect IP) The Flat Attack charging device, is a slim form factor multi platform emergency charging device, that utilises SMD components and multi-layer PCB construction to minimise footprint and increase efficiency. The initial design and implementation of Flat Attack has changed over a number of revisions and has been refined into a device capable of use in a variety of environments with regular use.Flat Attack uses the common AA size battery, to allow for maximum compatibility with cutting edge lithium cells (used in cameras, phones, mobile gaming devices, etc) while retaining compatibility with existing Alkaline or Layer-Construction batteries with great efficiency. Depending on phone model and specifications of the internal battery of the mobile device, gains of up to 57% have been recorded in test environments with Lithium Cells, and up to 25% in Alkaline. (Data available by request). Current Development Circuit As the diagram above shows, the circuit is simple in nature removing many of the pitfalls of devices in similar categories - By reducing the component count to a minimum bare bones solution, points of failure are decreased and efficiency is maintained. Simple indicator LED’s have been chosen to maximise the current able to be delivered to the battery and reduce the complexity of interfaces associated with typical products of this nature.The driver delivers a 500mAh 5v output required for most mobile devices on the market to date. This not only meets requirements for EMI and CE certification, but also provides a low noise output with sensitive electronics in mind.Power source = 1 x AA battery 1.5V ( 3100mAh). Everything we do we test, control and test more in Australia, Canada and our factory. Note Apple 6 Adapter secured to Micro USB Head and charging As the product is designed with the Micro USB style connector for primary use, the Flat Attack maintains a high standard of compatibility with most Micro-USB devices, not only limited to Mobile Phones, but a series of portable speakers, bluetooth headsets, smart watches and a number of open source community projects such as the Arduino and Raspberry Pi computer. Our Overseas Helpers Special thanks to HWTrek Australian Army Commando - RSM P " I take Flat Attack everywhere, especially as there is no power at most locations I work in " "Flat Attack is perfect for us. We work long hours away from home and have no way of charging our phones, to inform our loved ones we will be home late" Tom Edinger - Edinger Real Estate. " I work away from my car and away from my car charger. I am inside of the clients house for hours on end showing them through and I rely on Flat Attack , to keep my phone charged, so I do not miss other deals " Nathan from Element Hydrographics " I work remotely in the Australian Bush and am away from power for days on end. Flat Attack is the only AA battery device that I use" Scott Paterson - Professional Sky Diver " We often climb mountains and have to go to remote areas to camp and then jump. We are away overnight or for days and Flat Attack is Epic !! " Arna Van Ravestein - CEO IMARI " I am a very busy business consultant who is constanly using a mobile phone. Flat Attack is a must for anyone like me " Miguel Denobrega - Box Dot Media " Working in the TV and video industry, I find myself in many different locations.Quite often my phone goes dead flat and trying to find a charger is a nightmare. Flat Attack fits in my pocket and it goes everywhere I go " Jake King - Hootsuite - Security Engineer " I have been using and testing Flat Attack in Australia and now where I live and work, in Canada. Flat Attack is by far the best charger I have used ,because I don't need to worry about recharging it " Mike - CEO Boomi Films " I have a Flat Attack on my car keys and I always carry it on film location. I don't have time to be chasing power points " By far the most exiting charging solution we have worked on. Flat Attack has ticked all of the boxes" Edward Khoury and Sharon Khoury - Directors of Form Design Australia. " We have been working on industrial designs for over 30 years. Flat Attack is a once in a lifetime product that we love" Manufacturing PlanOnce funding has been reached we will pick up the phone and start the production run. Detailed Production Schedule (Happy New Year Gift ) Funding complete (December 2014) A deposit will be made to our manufacturer (January 2014) Manufacturer to mass produce Flat Attack (January 2014) Distributor ships completed orders / products to you direct (January / Febuary 2015) For any Press Enquires please contact us at: flatattack@debtone.com.au Why we went Green Design Philosophy“There will be 2.3 billion smartphone users in 2015 which will contribute to the 4.75 billion people worldwide using a mobile phone” Source: Emarketer.com Flat Attack has been designed to comply with the new (green) environmental standards that have been implemented for charging devices to the European Standard, which have been the standard in Europe since 2010. (Micro USB Port).This standard has been implemented to save the hydrocarbon waste which is produced by having multiple chargers or leads and adapters for different phones. Hence the reduction of excessive hydrocarbon wastes eg: plastics being discarded.Flat Attack (Trade Marked) has been designed to comply with the new environmental standards and has a Micro USB port. This Micro USB port is 50% more energy efficient and will now be the preferred charger pin for all devices. This means no leads that end up in rubbish fills and damage the environment."Always Stay Connected” Pay it Forward We as Aussies like to pay our way as well. So we would like to help anyone that helps us by paying it forward.Can you help spread the word further ? Share this page socially with your friends and loved ones. Here is the link to KS shortened:http://ow.ly/FcEtQ Imagine your camping, hiking, bussiness traveller, out at a late night club, festival or a vehicle breakdown and your phone runs out of power !!! Flat Attack will give you 60 minutes of talk time, 2 hours of text or 7 hours on standby.Flat Attack does not replace your day to day charger. Flat Attack is an emergency top up / Juice up charge, for android and apple devices, when you are away from normal power means. Risks and challenges Our only foreseable very small issue will be gearing up for production. This time of year is very busy at our factory. We have warned the factory and we are in constant communication on a weekly basis. So we are ready to go right now ! So we think we are well prepared to handle foreseen risks, but there are always unforeseen obstacles. We feel we have given ourselves enough time to tackle these issues and deliver a quality product on schedule. In fact we are doing a small production run right now !!! Flat Attack has quality control documentation, testing procedures and owns all tooling to make the device.We use external auditors that will constantly inspect the production line to ensure the best quality for you. Team Flat Attack Learn about accountability on Kickstarter