There is nothing new about scrolling LED signs, you see them everywhere, this one is slightly different it displays any message under 160 characters long, sent to it by an Android app on your phone specifically developed by me for this project. Sorry it is Android only but will work on getting it ported to Apple ios. This unit is ideal for schools, factories, call centres, Hotels, pubs, clubs, anywhere where messages can be sent remotely within bluetooth range and need to be displayed to a larger audience. The custom pcb is housed in a circular perspex tube 100mm in diameter and 360mm long, with custom square endcaps so it won't roll about ! The app will ask you to pair your phone to the unit, the bluetooth module will be uniquely named to your company and the pass code will be unique to each module, so only those who should be displaying the messages, should have acccess. The app could be customised to suit backers requirements or different control outputs, but this will involve costing.How do you operate it ? Android control app screen Nothing could be simpler, put the led unit in its working location, Plug in the supplied CE marked DC mains adapter, or a 4 pen cell battery pack, switch on the mains, switch on with the on/off switch. Wait till the default message appears, in about 10 seconds. Pair your phone to the bluetooth of the unit by selecting the "Choose bluetooth device button", and follow the screens to connect. Then enter text into the new message box, don't hit return and click the "Enter new message below", button and the new message will appear on the scrolling display. The text will be retained in the message window so you can modify and send again or type in an entirely new message. Reset default message will display the message applicable to your business or organization hardcoded into the device. The other 3 buttons control the brightness of the display. Please note standard symbols £, $, @, # .... are fully catered for and display perfectly. At the end of funding the website www.scrolled.org.uk will take over the point of contact for ordering enquiries etc.Project development. As an Arduino microcontroller devotee and also a pcb designer, I set about writing code and connecting various flavours of equipment to create the project. The pcb is custom lead free contaning 6 in total 60mm x 60mm LED matrices with 64 - 5mm LEDS in each, 6 driver IC's and driver stage passives, and an onboard barebones (Atmel 1284P) microcontroller. The prototype shown is in a clear acrylic tube 360mm long 100mm diameter. Components have been selected to comply with ROHS and have been sourced for fast delivery and repeatability of orders. The unit has been built to conform to various CE marking directives. Risks and challenges I would really like to put this unit into full production, it has been designed and built with that in mind and standard components have been used throughout. All are sourced from reputable UK and European suppliers. The housing material is readily available and the custom endcaps will be laser cut, so all in all ready to roll with this project. In the unlikely event of a major non-availability or serious issue arising communication will swift and concise and direct action will be taken to reassure the backers what the situation is and how it will be resolved. . Learn about accountability on Kickstarter