Old 12 bit sampler are awesome. I have an EMU Emax, Akai S612, yamaha vss30, and a Roland S50. Trying to use old dos or mac os programs on old computers to make 1000 floppies in the right format or transferring them to scsi drives, optical media, or via zip disks seems tedious in 2013 and misses the whole point of these older samplers being awesome for the sounds you get by sampling into their inputs. I wanted to quickly and easily get my samples into a platform independent format, sound good, goes with the lofi 12bit aesthetic, and has nothing to do with a computer. Solution? An analog sample library. Cassette tapes are perfect because of they're somewhat lofi quality, possess "tape magic" (saturation/compression), and they are easy and cheap to reproduce without needing a third party, test pressing, minimum order, etc.Who is this cassette full of samples for? People who sample from vinyl for the vibe, the workflow of not staring at a screen, who like the feel of an MPC over a mouse, that slice and dice samples into original beats, and prefer the crunch of older 12bit samplers with low sample rates. The content will be a combination of my personal collection of drum and percussion samples that I have amassed over the last 10 years from vinyl, drum machines, synths, tape, field recordings, and studio sessions with many different musicians, as well as some new drum beats and hits recorded onto 8-track cassette just for this library. All are processed and manipulated with tape speed, hardware compressors, distortion, eq, old digital mixers and samplers, effects boxes, reamped through marshall stacks and guitar pedals, etc.Side A of the cassette will be single shots and Side B will be loops.The Kickstarter will help me acquire some extra cassette decks and equipment to make a mass duplicating system (using either Nakamichi MR1 or MR2s, or Tascam 234s), purchase NOS tape in bulk, and rent some extra drums, studio spaces, and gear to add to the variety of samples on the library. Risks and challenges The Library is 90% done. All that is left is mixing the new cassette multitrack recordings down onto 1/4" analog (ATR102) and editing out the loops. I have secured a source of NOS duplication tape. I have set the kickstarter goal to cover enough decks (with repair work) to produce all the tapes in a week. Only risk of delay is if all new decks for duplication need a lot of repair. Even without multiple decks, I can make these one at a time if needed. Worst case scenario is delays but you will get your cassette full of samples guaranteed. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter