Thank you for visiting my Kickstarter page! My name is Christie Belanger, and I am a singer/songwriter currently residing in Burlington, Vermont. Music has been, and continues to be one of the greatest loves of my life. It permits me to be animated, gives me license to be plaintive, and has been the foundation of my sanity during confusing and difficult times. Writing lyrics and melodies helps me organize my emotions, and when I play those songs now I feel the intensity of those sensations, as if I had traveled back in time and experienced them all again. In the summer of 2010, I recorded my first album, "Bare," a collection of original songs that listeners found to be a testament to my genuine power as a performer. After three years of writing, I am finally ready to record my new EP, “After." With your help, I will be able to record, produce and release my new project and begin a long awaited journey following my dreams as an artist. This spring I am lucky enough to work with Signal Kitchen, a professional recording studio nestled right in the heart of Burlington, Vermont. A minimum of $5,000.00 will cover recording, mixing, mastering and distribution costs for my first solo EP which is expected for release in the Spring or Summer of 2013. This is still just barely enough for the amount of time and effort that is being dedicated to this album by the engineers and producers. With your help, everyone will be compensated, including you—the very people I’m making the record for. Remember, you are pledging with confidence--if I don’t raise the full amount in 30 days, your money is returned and you don’t pay. If this project is fully funded or over-funded with more pledges donated, your backing will kick start Christie Belanger Music. SO WHAT'S NEXT?Your support is needed today! Please take a look at the video above and browse the different ways to get involved on the right side. Feel free to check out my Soundcloud or Facebook to familiarize yourself a bit more with what I am trying to accomplish. Any pledge will help finish this project right, and will be greatly appreciated! Together we can make this a success. Thank you so much for your help and consideration! Love,Christie Risks and challenges Producing an album is a long and tedious process, but I am working with a great team who is supporting me in completing this project in the best way possible. I will never stop working hard to make it a success! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter