Hello. My name is Eduardo and this is my brother Hector. We are looking for support to help our project come to life. Whether you believe in our project or believe that everyone deserves a chance to express themselves, please continue reading.My brother and I have an 8 year gap between us. I am 19 and he is 11. However, we also have different personalities. I am more outgoing and social while he is more quiet and reserve. Ever since he was little, he's had problems being more outgoing. However, gaming is the one exception to his shy personality. He will bond with friends and strangers if they play video games together. His happy expressions are priceless.My goal is to help him be more social in his life. I believe that this project will help him by enabling him to express himself not just to me, but to the outside world as well. I want him to know that although there will be people that will criticize him, there will also be people there willing to support him; hopefully building up his self esteem.We are looking to make game play videos on a regular basis based on our favorite video games. We will try to make it humorous and maintain it PG rated, since he is only 11. The money that we raise will go into buying the equipment necessary to make these video such as the video capture card, hard drive, recording headsets, and editing software. I have tried to help as much as I can, but being a full time college student has not allowed me to help as much as I wish I could. We appreciate any support and even if you wish to not put money, we still appreciate you taking the time to read our story. Feel free to ask any questions. Thank you. Risks and challenges Some of the risk and challenges include our sense of humor may not be as good as we think it is. But we will put our best efforts towards the videos. Other issues include unforeseen circumstances that may rise up as well as technical issues such as internet failures and computer issues. If the issues should arise, then we will put in our best efforts to make up for the problem. We don't want this to be a one-time thing and will work to keep this project alive. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter