HEY! This is the official kickstarter for Marco's Maine Lobster. Yes this is a lobster roll company. I’m Marco. I’m currently in the early stages of opening up shop in the buzzing city of Bloomfeild NJ. My mission is to tell a story of prosperous adventure. Three years ago I left NJ for an Island in Penobscot Bay Maine. When I arrived, I took a job on a commercial lobstering vessel. Three seasons later I have decided to come home to open my own lobster roll company. Grand opening June 1st. The heart and soul of this project rests on determination, culture, and progress. Lobster is my passion, and I consider it my purpose to create a future for sustainability and expression of new enterprise. I carry with me a multifaceted approach to create a unique experience for all of my customers. To do so the business will focus on an artistic atmosphere, traditional and progressive menu inspiration, and a plan to rely solely on green energy. product. Having worked as a Lobsterman I have become highly knowledgeable of the cost verses yield of lobsters. My lobsters will be sourced directly from companies that I have pre-existing waterfront relationships with. This is my strongest asset to create profit on each sale. I will also source other shellfish in this spirit. Location I am located on 2 Orange Street Bloomfield NJ. In a corner lot. What was once a 2200sqft bagel shop, will become a lobster factory! The location has recently passed inspection and meets 40% of my equipment needs. The store will be designed to process shellfish, serve 6 seats, and store a large quantity of product. The area features a NJ transit train three stops from NYC. Local residences include Parkway Lofts Bloomfield, The Avalon Bloomfield and several other luxury developments. Other nearby restaurants include the Orange Squirrel & Essex Junction. We are also steps away from BMW Bloomfield. Montclair NJ, Forest Hills Newark, and Bloomfield will make up my delivery zone. Market My Primary source of customers come from local residences and commercial businesses. I expect to meet or exceed my target volume because I will have a niche product to meet and corner the needs of a growing high end demographic. I also plan to provide wholesale options for local and regional restaurants. I will plan on accessing many of my clientele via delivery’s to increase productivity. Strategy The real-estate overhead and investment level of my location offer a significant opportunity to retain capitol and still create business. My story, image, and products will become highly marketable through merchandise, twitter, Instagram, Facebook, grub hub, yelp, delivery services and mailers. I will personally deliver lobster rolls quickly on my Yamaha motorcycle. Investment The majority of my funds will be allocated towards equipment. Initially I will need, A. Wholesale tank B. Commercial steam oven C. Refrigerated truck. Continued investment will focus strictly on the implementation of green energy technology (I.E. solar refrigeration, solar electricity, and electric trucks). A heavily energy dependent operation converting to clean energy will represent significantly lower transportation and energy expenditures. The product its self will be the most important benefactor to this plan. Considering the fact that lobster is a flourishing healthy natural food source, that with the help of my business and many many others can continue to please our taste buds for generations to come. I home to achieve this level of investment by successfully running my operation and continued community fundraising. The menu TO EAT WHOLESALE CLAW KNUCKLE ROLLS AND BUNS MAINE LOBSTER ROLL CONETTICUT STYLE WARM BUTTER LOBSTER ROLL SWEET AND SOUR LOBSTER STICKY BUN OYSTERS, PEMAQUID POINT, CONWAY CUP P.E.I., BEAU SOIEIL. INDIVIDUAL HALF OR WHOLE DOZEN OYSTERS INDIVIDUAL FRIED OYSTERS WITH RAW AND FRIED PICKLES BRIOCE BUN PO BOY WITH PIKLED KALE, GOAT CHEESE, AND CRAB SIDES HOUSE CUT SKINNY TRUFFLE FRIES, SERVED WITH HOT GOAT CHEESE CRAB DIP CREAMY LOBSTER MAC’N’CHEESE Risks and challenges This is my freshman restaurant endeavor. However I am confident. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter