Hi everyone!First of all, thank you for taking the time to come and take a look at our Kickstarter page. We really appreciate it and hope it was time well spent.To start, we love craft beer. We love the fact that almost anybody can start brewing their own amazing tasting beer and then allow others in the community to enjoy it with them.With so many awesome craft brewers out there, we wanted to create a way to help them connect better with local bars and restaurants, which in turn will help them connect better with customers!We want to create an app that will allow anyone to see what is being brewed locally in their area.This isn't just about beer. This is about celebrating the creativity and care that these local artisans put into their products. You can tell that each one of these brews were made with the utmost attention to quality and detail. We want to provide a better way to showcase that. We want to be the avenue that will allow craft breweries, as well as local bars and restaurants, to really put their names on the map and attract customers they might not normally attract.The best thing is that it will be completely free for them to sign up. We will charge absolutely no sign up fees and really just want to make it easier for people to find the beers they like.Any amount at all would be sincerely appreciated and will go a long way towards helping us realize our dream of bringing great beer to the forefront! Risks and challenges The major challenge that we are going to run into will be the construction of a reliable database with which we can house and store all the data. We have a very capable developer who we are totally confident in, however. While this is entirely possible we can definitely see this as being our biggest challenge moving forward. Another big challenge will be making this app worth the while of bars and restaurants to sign on. We think that we can overcome this challenge too by illustrating to them the benefits of having their beers listed on the app. Of course, our app must be reviewed and approved by all of the major app stores. But we are confident that we will be able to pass this examination. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter