Paypal support offered at our site if you prefer. http://dinosaurbattlegrounds.frankdenota.com If you could imagine yourself living life as a prehistoric dinosaur, which one would you be? Would you be an enormous, meat-eating Tyrannosaurus rex, stalking the environment in search of prey, or would you be a plant-eating, Triceratops with an attitude and fighting spirit, ready to stand your ground to survive? Picture the Earth as it existed millions of years ago, fleshed out with stunning 3D computer graphics, filled with dinosaurs and other prehistoric life -- Designed to mimic the prehistoric world in every way -- More than a game, more than a simulation -- Complete with an illustrated, informative encyclopedia to provide you with the knowledge you will most definitely need to survive, and to thrive. Surviving the savage prehistoric worlds of the Dinosaur Battlegrounds will be a challenge unlike any other, a simulation that puts the actual science of paleontology to the test, and allows you to come as close as you can to actually experiencing the our planet's prehistoric past to the best of our knowledge. My name is Frank DeNota, and I have spent a good part of my life studying and illustrating dinosaurs, and the last twenty years doing so professionally. I've been fascinated by dinosaurs for as long as I can remember. When I was five years old, I got in trouble for covering my bedroom walls with drawings of dinosaurs. As a punishment, I had to sit and watch my father paint over my “masterpiece” stick-figure drawings. I have illustrated dinosaurs in books and magazines across the globe, but drawing dinosaurs is one of my greatest life passions even when it isn’t part of my day job. For instance, when I worked for 20th Century Fox's Blue Sky studios on feature films like “Robots” and "Ice Age", I still couldn’t wait to have free time to dedicate to creating dinosaurs. My team and I have the knowledge, experience, and most of all the passion, to make it happen. We plan to start with a prototype version of the ecosystem featuring a small selection of dinosaurs, accompanied by an interactive field guide, all illustrated with realistic, 3D dinosaur reconstructions. Everything in the game, from the shape of the T. rex body all the way down to the plant life that surrounds your epic battles, to the species of prehistoric insect that lands on your dromaeosaur’s eyelid as it pounces on its prey will all be based on real paleontology, peer reviewed research and the latest in dinosaur science. Now, the most important piece of the puzzle: You! We hope that with your help we can generate enough interest to have a shot at tackling our dreams of completing the full, simulated game world. Our ultimate stretch goal is to put together a fully fleshed-out simulated world where you are born, live, and grow as a dinosaur of your choosing, to survive and experience the prehistoric world throughout millions of years of dinosaur evolution. However, none of this will be possible without your support and generous pledges. We believe that this will not only be an incredibly fun and entertaining experience for all ages, it will also be a valuable tool to aid in research and visualization, perhaps even the first, publicly-available simulation of prehistoric animals and their environment. Throughout the game and reference sections we plan to include a series of animated cut scenes and cinematic mini stories demonstrating dinosaurs, their anatomy, and even in their environments, wherever necessary. So Far Assets for the first prototype are ready to go We have over 75 dinosaurs Modeled, for use in both the reference guide and the simulation game.. The reference guide, with still images, interactive 3D model sections, plenty of concept art, and some animation is also ready to be put together and completed. A collection of works by accomplished Paleo Artists who have expressed a desire to contribute, and / or join the team. All design is complete and needs only some additional fine-tuning. Now, it all depends on you and your generosity how far we can take it. We would ultimately love to be able to go on to create the entire simulation that we envision. To get to that ultimate step, we would need quite a bit more than what we are asking for here and now, but we appreciate that we have to start somewhere and are excited for any opportunity at any step of the way. Please help us get our dream started, and you can be part of one of the first commercially-available, scientifically accurate simulations of the prehistoric world. WHO WE ARE Our Team currently consists of: me, Frank DeNota, a freelance artist illustrator with over 20 years working in a wide range of creative projects, Illustration, animated feature films, and scientific illustration with a focus on prehistoric life (Museums Periodicals and books) in all mediums, devoting myself to all aspects of the project; David M. Breaux Animator at Rhythm & Hues ( Night at the Museum, Land of the Lost, and Narnia among Others ) and Digital Domain; Jesse Jiminez Advising Engineer at ModoPayments, Development and Marketing Consultant, and also an incredibly talented artist, and software developer; Alexis Kyprios, writer and visual artist; Laurie DeNota, contributing on writing, editing and coordinating, Matt Dibrino, focusing on concept design: Jaquelyne Mireille, Hernández Fuentes Emmanuel and Axel Tovar Rodríguez, on Publicity and Graphic Design. Arnold Nesis Composer on Game and films. We also have a team of programmers ready to jump in that i will be announcing when a deal is solidified. There are many other possibilities in the works and things are always changing as we fine tune our team and work on involving those who have expressed interest in working with us. UPDATES We will constantly be doing updates over the course of the campaign and during development, including video interviews with our team, and documenting as much as we can as we go, so you can experience this amazing journey with us. Lots of updates on the way! No matter how much we are able to raise, we plan on continuing toward reaching our goal of creating a functioning cretaceous ecosystem. So, reaching any of our milestones toward building the final game will help greatly. We will be putting any kickstarter funding, much of the revenue from the initial release of the field guide, and the prototype back into our efforts, and we can always come back to Kickstarter to pick up where we leave off. INITIAL GOALS: Completion of a prototype simulation game Initially for PC, featuring the Late Cretaceous Hell Creek Formation. Completion of final reference guide to prehistoric animals. Featured animals will be determined at a later date. Release the reference guide to mobile devices, web, and downloadable windows application. Translation and release to Asian and European markets. Release of the initial prototype to our backers for testing and feedback. Simulation Features General features planned for the full game (some of these overlap into stretch goals) The challenge of trying to survive life in a dynamic open world built on the most up to date information available to us, as well as direct consultation with paleontologists and other experts. The ability to play as several different species of dinosaurs and other animals native to the time and place featured, uncover secret rare species to play. A huge, dynamic, open world featuring seasons, variable day and night cycles, dynamic weather, natural disasters, several different environments and teeming with life. The land itself a living breathing world that you must first overcome and master before your very survival is secured. An environment where you can interact with almost everything. All plants and living organisms have a purpose, grow reproduce and die, you'll need to learn what you can eat and what you cant, whats worth chasing and what can maim and even kill you., all this and much more as the game evolved, all combining to create the most unique experience in gaming, the only experience of its kind. Robust AI featuring the most in depth and unique simulation featuring,communication with other dinosaurs through body language expressions of different moods, aggression levels,submissive and dominant controls, postures to display intent, territory control, pack, herd, and rogue behavior, dinosaur behavior straight from he experts, and adaptability to the world around it. Intuitive and fluid character control combined with unique play style and animations for each playable creature will create an immersive and rewarding game play experience. Regular updates and expansions of the basic game, potentially including new areas of the Mesozoic, bringing with them unique environments and animals. Help us reach our stretch goals and we have a shot at starting the game with more than one environment and time periods. Multiplayer: Our ultimate dream is for you, the player to have the chance to enjoy the ultimate dinosaur experience with your friends. Hunt together as a pack or hunt each other as predator and prey. Control areas and breed your own Hierarchy driven NPC family groups, packs and herds and battle for territory, hunting rights. Compete for dominance, kills and for survival. Game Modes :Arcade and Simulation Modes There would be two modes for the game- Arcade and Detailed Simulation, Simulation play will require looking after many different aspects of your characters state of being. and will require more micro managing than arcade, where you'll be able to play without worrying too much about intricate aspects of the simulation. More in depth information on this below. Static and Dynamic Customization “Dynamic” lets you edit most variables and traits to customize the game world as you see fit and to suit your style. Think Tyrannosaurs were primarily scavengers like some paleontologists have theorized? Well, you can choose to play the game your way, and tailor the world to your own theories and speculation. Think that’s a bunch of silliness, and that Tyrannosaurs must have been the vicious, aggressive predators you’ve seen in TV and movies, that’s yours for the choosing as well – hunt away! "Static" basically uses the games default, recommended play settings set by the developers to fine tune game play and strike a healthy balance between scientific theory and entertainment. You wont need to worry about adjusting settings here, you can just jump right in and play. Player Character Choose who you are: T. rex, Triceratops of late cretaceous hell creek, Spinosaurus of early cretaceous North Africa?. The final number of playable dinosaurs we will be able to include depends largely on the success of this campaign as well as our launch there after. Will you choose to start from the beginning and play as an early dinosaur? Here you will be challenged to live a different dinosaur per period and evolve through the ages in challenging campaigns. Experience countless hours of game play and open up a different detailed world of distinct characteristics and abilities each time. Your Dinosaur Senses SIGHT Some dinosaurs see better than others. Carnivores have binocular vision, excellent depth perception, and are very good at seeing movement and spotting silhouettes. Some can even see well in the dark. On the other end of the spectrum, many herbivores have heightened peripheral vision, because their eyes are placed more to the sides of their heads, similar to some birds of today that can almost see behind their heads. This can play a very important role in your survival depending on what dinosaur you choose, as a herbivore having the ability to see a wider panorama will be very useful. HEARING While playing different dinosaurs, you’ll notice that some can hear better than others, which affect their success and survival strategy. The better your hearing is, the easier it is to identify certain sounds (such as a predator stalking up on you, or prey nearby), as well as learn about new ones. SMELL Scent will be very important and will play an integral part of many game aspects. For example, herbivores will use it to smell danger when the wind carries a scent to them, to find food, water, identify other dinosaurs, and find a mate. You will have to first identify a smell before you gain the ability to know what it is. Likewise, carnivores will use scent much in the same way as herbivores, except that they will of course be looking for animals to hunt, or meat to steal. Also, scent will play an integral role in establishing territorial boundaries by marking, which uses scent to tell others to keep out. Status Effects/States of Being, Behavior, Body language and posture Dinosaurs have certain states of being that affect their performance, speed, energy levels, endurance and mental alertness. Negative effects can stack when you neglect to fulfill your dinosaur’s needs, and even kill your character if neglected for too long. Status effects offer benefits and handicaps, and can be acquired after taking certain actions. For instance, successfully hunting or intimidating a rival will make you more confident, while being intimidated or losing your kill to a larger predator can stress you and make you less confident (as well as still hungry). Each state offers bonuses that, when stacked, can greatly increase your overall power as well as decrease it. These effects will be associated with a status bar that you can individually choose to either display on your screen or hide when not needed. Attack postures Aggressive Defensive Normal balance of Aggression and defense Calls and Communication There will be different calls that your dinosaur will make to communicate with others. For example, some basic ones might be -distress call -confrontation call -agitation call -hunger (hatch-ling) -threatened Consulting the reference guide app and learning about the latest evidence and science for a particular dinosaur, rival or environment will give players the edge they need to survive. Injuries diseases and health Dinosaurs were hearty creatures. Their bodies were naturally capable of fighting off disease, parasites and infection. However, taxing the body too much can overcome even the strongest organism. There are animals that will clean the parasites off if you let them. Some birds, Dino birds and Pterasaurs, will pick the parasites off of you. They will even pick the rotten meat stuck between your teeth. Don’t kill them! They make a poor meal and your health can suffer if you’re not kept free of disease. All dinosaurs eventually suffer injuries. The severity of these injuries means everything. Even serious injuries are manageable if you take care for your dinosaur. Broken bones won’t always stop you from moving and hunting, but serious broken bones, especially legs and feet, can practically immobilize you to a degree, so you better figure out how to survive in the event that this happens. If you have a pack and are well established in the hierarchy, your pack will feed you to a point. However, if you are too far gone they will leave you behind to fend for yourself, so don’t push them too far. If you are at the bottom of the pack hierarchy, you might just become an easy meal for your “friends”, so be wary when joining others, and be sure to climb the ranks quickly. Herbivores will have to try to keep up and stay in the center of the herd, so make sure you don’t get targeted and picked off by predators. Keep your wounds clean, lick them often, and allow your mate or pack to groom and care for you. You have a much lower survival chance if you become infected. Over time, all injuries will eventually heal. TERRITORY Specific Skills Scent marking territory and territorial roar can be used specifically to intimidate and keep rivals at bay, after which normal social skills will play a part. Territories must be protected and patrolled regularly. An in-game map with labels for territorial concerns and recently patrolled areas will be provided for you. Also, when you patrol you will be able to sense through scent, when and where your territory has been encroached upon by rivals, potential mates, and unknown threats. Not all animals are territorial though, and not all territorial animals are able or successful enough to keep and guard a territory. Color patterns Certain animals that lived in certain areas will have a logical color pattern that reflects their environment, using modern animals as a guide, though there will be a certain amount of customization. So you can play what you think they looked like based on your own theories, and those of scientists. Many dinosaurs will have an option to be fully or partially feathered or scaly. We plan to have a slider to allow feathers and feathery coverings to be dialed up or down. Environment The world should function, grow, and die like a real ecosystem -- dead organic material decays and fertilizes the earth, weather is accurate and simulated for the time period. Night and day cycles will be a big part of how you can play certain character types. Dinosaurs that we know could have been nocturnal, will be able to hunt at night. Areas that we know had natural disasters should be played out accordingly. The geography will be a scaled down version of the earth during each time period. Weather, temperature, and seasonal changes will play a large part in how you can play and how dinosaurs behave in the world, finding and building shelter, keeping warm and taking advantage of weather patterns will often make the difference between life and death. Herds will migrate based on seasons, and carnivores will either follow a leader, establish their own territory and packs, go rogue, or follow the movements of herds, each route you can take will present its own set of challenges, advantages and disadvantages. All plants will be accurate and should grow mature and die with time. Large dinosaurs can tear down trees, dig into the ground to forage and burrow and otherwise wreak havoc on the environment. We hope to be able to make the environment as detailed as possible, including as many species as we can, to simulate the prehistoric ecosystem as it really was. Mating Mating will be an important factor for building packs and keeping herd numbers at healthy levels. It is also an integral part of the heirarchy system. As with most animals, much of their life revolves around mating. Nest construction and egg incubation will be important factors for successful breeding in the simulator version, though the time frames for eggs and reproduction will be directly based on keeping the game fun, engaging, and entertaining, while keeping enough realism to stay true to accuracy and present a challenge. The time span of the game We want to make sure we have the most abundant eras covered, so the majority of the game will take place during the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods, eventually split into 2 time periods -- early and late. If possible, we might include the Triassic period, and even break it down further in the future. We plan to keep the complexity reasonably doable in the beginning, so we are keeping it down to 4 periods, with perhaps a Triassic introduction as a beginning tutorial with two choices of dinosaurs, carnivorous and herbivorous. Throughout the game and reference sections we plan to include a series of animated cut scenes and cinematic mini stories demonstrating dinosaurs, their anatomy, and even in their environments, wherever necessary. Just a few examples of projects Frank DeNota has worked on in his career as a 3D Artist. Risks and challenges Being well prepared for setbacks and any problems that arise is key to being ready to handle such problems if and when they do arise. Having experienced team members and consultants on hand is the best way to ensure that we can smoothly ride out any issues in the future – and we believe that we have that now for our current purposes, and will dedicate ourselves to continuing to do so in the future with expanded resources. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter