It is a tile based puzzle game that requires you to complete Glyph Scrolls to unlock the mysteries of the Glyphs and use the elements you release to scribe spells of power. Then explore the mystical Mage's Tower and take on its many challenges.-Craft Magical Spells of Power! Using the elements released from the Glyphs clear off your Scroll. Different spells can be created, from Fire spells that will erase Glyphs off the scroll to Water spells that will push all the Glyphs that it touches to one side, to the ultimate power of the Dark Spells that will destroy all Glyphs it touches and even finish lines on the Scroll for you.-Explore the World of Spellscribe! Search different locations to find the hidden scrolls that you can complete to unlock their powers such as learning new more powerful spells as well as search for the elemental keys to unlock the Mage's Tower to gain access to the many challenges that lie within.-Challenge yourself in the Mage's Tower! Different challenges await you such as Puzzle Mode, knowledge of the magical arts are used to cast the right spells at the right time and place the glyphs in just the right places. Infinite Mode, try your hardest to complete the most Glyph Scrolls and obtain the highest score. Arch-Mage Mode, not just clear the board once, complete every horizontal and vertical line on your scroll with many more kinds of challenges to come. -The elements resist your efforts! As you become more adept at manipulating the Glyphs' energies the Aether changes to make it more difficult to proceed. Glyph Stones, shaped stones that will appear on the scroll require the correct Glyph shape be placed next to it and will be destroyed as the line is cleared on the Scroll that it resides. Elemental Vortexes on the scroll where a particular elementally aligned Glyph must be placed. We have been working on this game off and on when we have had free time. As we progressed through the evolution of the game we realized there is potential for it to be so much more than what we started with and first and foremost we wish to create a game that will be entertaining and most of all fun. Kickstarter is a way for us to fund the rest of the development process to add the new modes and new content into the game to make it more entertaining for everyone as well as to switch over to working full time on development. -New Software. There are some software programs that we can use to improve upon the game's structure, as well as to help develop it for multiple platforms. -New Challenge Modes and content. We have come up with several new modes to add to the game to keep things interesting as well as new content to add to the challenge of the game. -Web Hosting. We need money to better host our content as well as to setup such things as leader boards so you can see how well your score ranks in the different game modes. -The Essentials. Help to keep us both fed and to pay for essentials for two developers to work full time on the game. -Polish. Improved graphics and animations, as well as new soundtracks for the game. Porting to iPhone, Android. Anything over our base amount will be put towards making the game as polished as we can, as well as to help start funding for our next game. Beta and Release- Everyone who donates and meets the minimum donation amount for the first reward will get access to the beta builds of the game as they become available and everyone who has access to the beta will receive a copy of the Release version when it is done. Alpha- Soon after kickstarter is over we will be sending out the current Alpha version of the game to those who qualify for it. T-Shirts- We have a couple of T-Shirt designs for you to choose from, once Kickstarter ends we will contact you to ask which T-Shirt choice and the size. Posters- We have a few posters to choose from, these below are examples and not quite what the final version is as our artist is currently working on them. Once Kickstarter is done we will contact those who are getting the prints to show them the designs so they can pick the one they want and we will print up a high-quality version of it for them. Keychain- the top two backer types will get a Spell Scribe keychain featuring the Elemental Amulet symbol on the title screen of the game. Name in the game and naming locations- Currently still working out how exactly the names will be displayed. We will contact those who qualify to get to name a location in the game once we get the map together and ready to go. Risks and challenges -Working with large Flash files and save files for Flash. Most of this is dealt with using additional software to allow for greater control over file structure. -Porting the game to the iOS and Android platforms. Knowing what controls need to be altered to work with touchscreen devices as well as changing some of the layout for the game to fit the device's resolution. -Setting up databases for high scores as well as connecting it up with the game. Dealt with by learning how Flash interfaces with server databases as well as setting up our databases on our current webspace server. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter