The Rolling Ball Specification DocumentThis is a simple stress reducing video game app where you use the touch screen aspect and accelerometer of the iPad and iPhone to roll a giant ball over people and things.As you roll down the street, cartoon people run away from you. You can move to the left, right and forward. To move you spin the ball on the touchscreen just as you would a real ball. You can even backspin it to slow down. You can also move by tilting the device (iPad, iPhone, Android or Windows tablet).When you catch up to the people and roll over them, they are crushed flat similar to the old cartoons. When you hit a fire hydrant, the water shoots up high. When you hit a wall, it cracks and/or the glass windows break. As the ball rolls it makes a sound like a bowling ball rolling on marble. As you approach people they do not notice the ball at first. Once you crush someone or something, they notice the sounds and begin to run away screaming. When you roll over them they make different types of funny "ouch" and squashing noises. If you turn left or right into another street, the scene changes to the new street. You always have a birds eye view of the entire street from the center of the street. The camera does not move constantly like many first person shooter games which gives some people a headache.Note: Development of this game has already begun, and it has been financed. It will be completed in time for Christmas, 2012. We only need additional funds to help polish and market the game. We need your help by providing feedback and spreading the word about this new type of fun and funny game. We want you to follow the development of the game here and on facebook and give us feedback while playing the prototype. We want you to be part of our team.You can play the prototype on Windows right now, using your arrow keys.Try it - click here:http://www.apppartner.com/RollingBallDemo/RollingBall.htmlYou can see what one level (street) of the full game will look like here:www.youtube.com/mazadiaAs a backer, you will be able to play the game and provide feedback and sounds as it is being developed. You will effectively become one of the creators. Join us and get in the game!