Underworld Dungeon is a rogue-like action-adventure for PC, in which you explore a ruined Greek dungeon hidden beneath the depths of the Underworld. As you dig deeper, ancient weapons and armor will be uncovered which you can combine to create more powerful gear. You will need all the items you can scavenge and craft to conquer this challenging dungeon; a dungeon that masks unspeakable horrors, mythical secrets and finally, the promise of a Lost One that awaits at the end of it all... Inspired by games such as The Binding of Isaac, Dark Souls and Terraria, Underworld Dungeon aims to create a dark, procedurally generated world filled with secrets and items to discover as well as a challenging combat system which will require the player to use all their wits and skills to confront each enemy and situation. Procedural Generation The dungeon is randomly generated at the start of each run so biomes, rooms, objects, enemies and secrets will be different to provide a fresh and challenging experience each time. Items and resources are also randomly generated which means you will have a different type of build each run. For example, on one run, you could be a warrior with a shield and a flaming axe, while on another, you could be a mage with teleportation and a projectile weapon. CombatCombat in Underworld Dungeon will be challenging. You must use different weapons and abilities along with your own wits and skills to confront each room of enemies. Stamina - Every action uses a varying amount of stamina such as swinging a sword or dashing. This means that you must use your stamina wisely and consider each action carefully to avoid being stunned with a depleted stamina bar. Shield - Bringing your shield up will halt your stamina bar from recharging and slow you down. However, it will also block incoming damage from enemies with varying strengths. (ie. Iron Shield blocks 100% damage while a Wooden Shield blocks 80%) Dash - Dashing allows you to rapidly move away from an enemy's attack but does not grant you invincibility. Thus, you must use it carefully as it takes away quite a lot of your stamina and leaves you vulnerable to an enemy afterwards. Exploration As you explore the dungeon, you will stumble upon ruined statues and locked NPCs which you can free to unlock new characters. There will also be ancient chests scattered around the dungeon which you can loot for powerful weapons. You will encounter different traps such as a room that creates barriers around you and spawns a mob of enemies. You aren't the only one exploring the dungeon; Traders will provide you with interesting exchanges such as: leather chestplate + stick + leather leggings = iron bar (as shown in the GIF below). Crafting By combining 2 or more items, you'll be able to craft different types of weapons, armor and gear. For example, you can combine two iron bars and one stick to craft an Iron Sword. Another example is combining an iron battleaxe with dynamite to create an explosive battleaxe that fires dynamite projectiles when you swing the weapon. Items Underworld Dungeon will have about 150 items so that each run will be interesting and unique since you have to use varying weapons, armor and gear together in different combinations to conquer the dungeon. Items come in 3 different types: weapons, armor and gear. Weapons are items you can place in your hotbar, which you can access with the numbers 1-5, and which can be used by left-clicking. For example, you can swing a massive Iron Waraxe by left-clicking while the item is selected in your hotbar. Armor pieces are items you place in the Gear slots which give you varying effects and defense. For example, the Bone Armor set will grant you a life-steal effect when equipped. Gear pieces are items you also place in the Gear slots which grant you abilities such as moving faster or imbuing your weapons with flame. For example, the Inferno Soul item rotates around you and sets weapons ablaze when they strike through it. Bosses Bosses in Underworld Dungeon are ruthless and extremely challenging. You have to defeat the boss that guards each floor to descend to the deeper levels of the dungeon. Each boss will drop a very rare item which will aid you in the floors to come. Progression Permanent death system After you die each run, you will unlock different achievements after doing certain things such as beating a boss or crafting a new item Achievements will unlock new bosses/enemies/NPCs/crafting recipes/items which will then be available in the next playthrough Basically, this means that every time you start a run, there will be new stuff for you to encounter Leaderboard There will be a daily global leaderboard displayed in the game for each daily run. The score you get each daily run will be affected by: time, dungeon level at death, percentage of items looted, game mode (normal or permadeath) Your name will be displayed and compared globally as well as with your friends. Long ago, in the busy city of Athrolis, a rumor was spread. It told of an ancient and foreboding dungeon deep below their land that held dead souls captive. If one was brave enough, he could venture down into the depths and rescue his lost ones. The stony, cracked floors and mossy walls of Athrolis seemed to shine ominously in the moonlight as it's citizens imagined the horrors concealed in the dungeon that guarded such a tempting reward. Each character in Underworld Dungeon has their own background story which explains how they got their starting items and why they are venturing down into the dungeon. Warrior: Somewhere in the city, a man snatched his razor-sharp sword from his room and shrugged on his wooden shield. He was one of the most powerful and deadliest warriors in Athrolis. His eyes, hidden underneath his iron helm, held a glint of sadness as he thought about the loss of his wife. Jaws set, he strode out in search of the dungeon. Bandit: Driven by greed, the infamous bandit gathered his belongings in preparation for his journey through the dungeon. He carried a rare teleport staff and a short iron sword, both stolen, as he set off in search of the rare riches hidden deep within the Underworld Dungeon. Your Ideas: By pledging, you will be a part of the community, granting you access to project updates, and allowing your comments to be heard, and help shape Underworld Dungeon! Further pledges will grant beta access, and the opportunity to help me create items, enemies or even bosses. I plan to add a lot of content to the game, but I'm just one guy! This way, you can help a lot by suggesting ideas or spotting bugs. Music/Sound Composer: I can do the art, programming and design for the game myself, as I have done so far. However, I have no experience in composing music and thus, I've found others who are amazing at that and must compensate for their time and effort put into the project. Company Costs: I'll need to register my company to begin selling through any platform which takes quite a bit of money and time. InfernoSoul: Hey, I'm Ethan and I do the art, code and design for Underworld Dungeon! I'm just a freshman who really enjoys creating games in his spare time as well as playing them. I've developed many flash games in the past and this is the first real, big game I've worked on.Pixel Noise: The music/sound composers I've found who have done amazing work so far on the Kickstarter trailer music. They'll be creating the music for Underworld Dungeon - you can check out some of their work in the link below!Listen to the Underworld Dungeon Title Theme Steam Greenlight: http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=726695698 TIGSource: https://forums.tigsource.com/index.php?topic=50972.0 Twitter: https://twitter.com/InfernoSoulDev IndieDB: http://www.indiedb.com/games/underworld-dungeon Youtube Trailer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3y2aXrFXD0 Press Kit: http://udpress.tk/ Pixel Noise Soundcloud: https://soundcloud.com/pixel-noise Risks and challenges Underworld Dungeon is my first large, complex game I've worked on. The main reasons for this Kickstarter are to pay my sound/music composers and to receive confirmation that people are actually interested in my game. I've poured my heart and soul into this game for a year now and I feel like it's time to show it to the public and see if anyone would be willing to buy and play my game. One risk associated with finishing the game is an overwhelming amount of school work which may slow down development. However, I do plan to finish the game no matter what. I've made consistent progress on it over the last year, and am confident that progress will continue as it has previously. If the campaign does particularly well, and we reach some of the further stretch goals, it may delay final release beyond my current target of June 2017 - as creating the extra content will take more time. But, the game WILL be released! You can check out the progress of the last year, as well as future updates on my devlog here: https://forums.tigsource.com/index.php… Learn about accountability on Kickstarter