HELP SAFEKLIP MAKE A DIFFERENCE! The original concept for SAFEKLIP came from a young man who likes to jimmy up ideas that people haven't thought about to solve problems that abound in society. He learned that in prisons inmates aren't allowed to have nail clippers because they are metal, and metal items are taboo in most jails and prisons. Sometimes metal objects like nail clippers can be taken apart and used to cut metal in cells to make weapons. Plastic doesn't cut metal. Problem solved. In many prisons and jails inmates have to ask guards to deliver a nail clipper, most often not sanitized, that is used by multiple folks. Think about issues like Hep B and C, transmitted from inmate to inmate. Pretty yucky, yes? And there are 2 million people in American jails an prisons who might want to order a SAFEKLIP for personal care and safety. We'll make it available for them through the prison industry commissary avenues. Also, he has a friend who sells salon products to beauticians, shop owners, and cosmeticians working in various consumer arenas. They are looking for take home items for their customers which are useful and also have the shop's name stamped on them. She thinks that SAFEKLIP can be a great marketing tool and is ready to join the team. We have gone round with lots of other places where non metal and disposable clippers will find acceptance, like hospitals, airlines, hotels and other people serving businesses. We gathered data about our potential markets to help backers see the wide range of our marketplace. In the United States these industries are our potential SAFEKLIP users: 350,000 beauty salons and related businesses with $20 billion annual revenues 15,600 nursing homes, a total of 1.7 million beds/patients 4575 prisons across America with 2 million + inmates; no society in history has imprisoned more people. So, after a lot of chatter around our circle, and the confidence our team can reach these potential customers, we thought ours was a great idea that needed the light of day. WE NEED YOU TO HELP US FUND THIS ENERGY, TO GIVE OUR IDEAS WINGS. PLEASE HELP MAKE SAFEKLIP UNIVERSAL. We found a manufacturer who knows injection molding and runs a business that has made plastic products for 40 years. He will use a super hard plastic suitable for our project. We are all creative people, and while we all dreamed, I decided to act for all of us. So here I am on Kickstarter asking you to help this dream go forward. Ask any questions that come to mind, give us suggestions that might help, and most of all, become a backer of this special project. We envision a future where SAFEKLIP will be an everyday product used by millions of people. JUST THINK. YOU CAN HELP THIS HAPPEN WITH A SIMPLE CLICK AND COMMITMENT OF WHATEVER YOU CAN AFFORD: $5, $10, $25, $35, $100, $500 or ?. For pledges of $35 or more you will receive a SAFEKLIP clipper from our first production run. It will take a while, but you will be with us in spirit!THANK YOU FOR HELPING US SOAR! Risks and challenges SAFEKLIP has challenges, like all new efforts. A prototype is made. You can see the image on our site. We need to build a mold, test it, and look for any of the bugs that fly into the ointment ... umm I mean the plastic. We have lined up our group to help with marketing, developing materials and playing with colors and design and a great logo. We are ready to rally! We know there may be unforeseen obstacles but I am used to leading organizations and encouraging people to bring out the best to climb over barriers or go around or through them. WE ARE READY! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter