Introducing... Legislative News! In Short: Legislative News is a small company with the dream of empowering the people of the United States. We will use the power of information technology to educate American citizens about current legislation and to help them express their voice on those issues to their representative and senators and hold them accountable to the will of the people. What it will look like: www.LegislativeNews.US will be a website dedicated to this cause of education and expression. After creating an account, members will be able to view, vote on, and discuss items of Legislation along with other users. The goal is to gain enough users that Legislative News becomes a center of thoughtful discussion, ideas and valuable information for citizen and elected officials alike. Product Features: * Current Federal legislation sorted by progress through congress and by subject, updated regularly * Polls that can be filter per congressional district, state, and nationwide. It is our aim that these polls would be used as relevant data for our congress. * Forums to discuss each item in, as well as a general off topic area for casual conversation * A live chat room environment for a more fast paced discussion * Notifications that can be subscribed to for topics and items of interest * The contact information for each user's relevant representative and/or senator displayed with each item of legislation, so getting in touch is a snap! * Three levels of general user account type, including: * An exclusive affiliate program that will allow a special few to earn cash by getting subscriptions to sign up with their personal discount code! Long Term Goals: Our first objective is to create a user base of sufficient size to begin bringing the will of the people to the attention of our elected representative and senators in regards to federal legislation. If this goal is achieved, we would like to expand our reach and begin bringing the same information to our users at a local state level as well! Not all the power needs to remain in the hands of lobbyists and special interest groups. After all, the American people ought to be the largest and most effective interest group in the country. So why the Kickstarter? Though the Legislative News site is currently ready for a beta release and aims for a full public release by the New Year, we at Legislative News LLC cannot do this alone. Besides spreading the word and participating in the discussion on our site, here's what we need your help to do! * Pay for the cost of our web domain and server to keep our site active for you! * Afford our existing team a salary to live on so we can keep the site running and updated for you, which we can't do if we starve or don't have internet access! * Be able to pay for another staff member to help us keep on top of moderations, updates and communications. * The ability to produce more videos, such as video tutorials and promotional videos that will help spread the word and make money for our affiliates and advertisers. About The Legislative News Affiliate Program: The Affiliate program is designed for a select group of users who are passionate about the cause of educating and empowering people to participate in government. In practical terms, after joining the affiliate program, each affiliate receives personal discount codes which they may distribute to other people while encouraging them to sign up on www.LegislativeNews.US. If the new recruit uses the affiliate’s discount code given to them, they will receive a discount off their registration fee, and the affiliate will receive a percentage of their subscription fee annually. Note that affiliate must sign an agreement with Legislative News LLC before their affiliate status is activated. Details: Each Legislative News affiliate receives the following after signing their agreement: * Unique discount codes that they may distribute to others which will give new subscriber 20% off of their registration fee. * 30% of the subscription fee of all new members who sign up with the affiliate's unique code, and 25% of subscription fee renewal each year afterward. * An initial 250 Legislative News business cards printed with the affiliate's unique discount codes, with more available for purchase if needed. Read more about Legislative News and what we're all about at http://www.legislativenews.us/about-us/ About the Legislative News Team Rick Wilson: Director of Operations Rick Wilson Rick spent over thirty years working in the construction industry and has always been fascinated with history. He learned one of the earliest forms of a representative government was formed by the Jewish people in the Old Testament. This along with studying the early American western frontier sparked his interest in the struggle and the founding of America, the development of the Declaration of Independence, the American Revolution, and the development and the debate of the Constitution. From these studies Rick both realized and understood the duty of citizens in a true representative government of the people.Rick moved his studies in to how the laws in the United States are made, what legislation passed the United States Congress last week, and what legislation is scheduled for action or a vote next week. He studied a variety of poll topics from the major polling organizations, and discovered he, generally, had more in common with the respondents of those polls then differences. From keeping up with current legislation he also discovered most of the time the United States Congress fell behind the will of the majority in those poll results.This moved Rick in to deeper studies of how the laws that govern a free society are actually created, special interest groups, lobbyist, the power of money in government and the corruption of it all. During these studies one overriding theme continued to push forward, the true power in the United States government still lays in the hands of the People, [if they will use it]. Benjamin FranklinRick then wanted to use the advances in information technology to connect American citizens with legislative decisions that affect the lives of all of us. He wanted to make it easy for citizens to use this information, to voice their opinions, to hold their representative and senators accountable and for the United States Congress to know what their constituents think. There were two people Rick thought about over the years and hoped he would be able to convince them to come on board with this idea of creating a Legislative News website, designed to help make a connection between citizens, their representative and their senators and to bring the People’s the voice in government. This came to pass, Miranda coming on board in 2014 and Adam in 2016.Miranda Wilson: Assistant Director of Operations Miranda Wilson Miranda grew up in western Colorado. In elementary school she had the opportunity to make a unique friendship with Adam. She was also blessed with the opportunity to live outside of town where her family could have horses and livestock and she could participate in 4-H and FFA. Her mom being active in the military, was stationed all over the country throughout her childhood giving Miranda the opportunity to see and experience all kinds of people and places in the United States. During high school Adam and Miranda drifted apart. After high school graduation, she and Adam both attended CSU where she earned a bachelor of science through the Equine Science program and Adam a degree in Computer Science. Miranda then began her pursuit of a lifelong dream of a career training horses as she worked as an assistant trainer for a well-respected and talented horseman. A couple years later she went back to school for a masters in secondary education. Miranda could not shake the overwhelming need to give back to society and her community. So at the same time she pursued her masters, Miranda began teaching high school science in a southern Arizona classroom. She became the science department chair investing her time and heart into her students. After a couple of years teaching and a season working in Yellowstone National Park, she made her way back home to the mountains and plateaus of Colorado and began her work with Legislativenews.us.As Miranda began her journey through several different careers, trying to figure out how to best use her skills and talents, it became apparent to her just how difficult it was to fulfill her civic duties by being politically active, find the time to stay abreast political issues that matter, and voice her opinion on the legislation and politics that she cared about. Miranda has always appreciated the opportunities and ability she has had to make her life what she wanted and pursue her dreams and goals in this country. Learning about the history and founding of the country from her dad and books and having the chance to travel and live in several different parts of the country, gave her a deep seeded sense of belonging, ownership, and stewardship over the country she calls home. However, it seems to her that government has gotten too big and disconnected from the people that it is put in place to serve. This frustration is what drives her passion and purpose for her work with legislativenews.us.Adam Campfield: Director of Technology Adam Campfield Adam is a four time cancer survivor, black belt, book worm, musician and technology nerd. He enjoys games of almost all sorts, chocolate chip cookies, wolves and rock music. He was born in Loma Linda, California in 1989 and moved to Grand Junction, Colorado in 1995. There, in the first grade, Miranda Wilson was one of the first students he interacted with. They quickly became best friends, spending recesses and time after school at Adam's house together for years. Growing up, Adam studied martial arts, achieving his black belt at age fourteen, as well as a number of musical instruments. These included the trumpet, recorder, vocals and drums, but he discovered his true passion for music around age fourteen when he was introduced to alternative rock by a friend. He has been a dedicated drummer ever since.Though Miranda and Adam had drifted apart somewhat during High School, they both went on to study at Colorado State University in Fort Collins, Colorado, Adam in computer science and Miranda in Equine science. Adam's graduation was delayed by being the first blind student to enter a hard science at CSU and having various accommodations and adaptations for classes performed as experiments that were sometimes unsuccessful. A relapse of cancer and various other illnesses also played a role. He finally graduated in December 2015. In June 2016, while Adam was sending out job applications mostly for positions he didn't really want, Rick Wilson, Miranda's father, contacted him and told him about the Legislative News project. Knowing that Adam had studied computing, Rick asked if Adam would be interested in joining himself and Miranda on the Legislative News team, acting as head of technology. And so, bringing life into a strange sort of circle, Adam officially joined the team on July 2, 2016, ready for one heck of a ride.Credits We at Legislative News would like to thank the following for their contributions to this project:Jordan Miller and Alden Roelant, from Purpose Driven Films, for helping to script, then film and produce our video. Check them out at www.PurposeDrivenFilms.com Kryssi Jeaux Miller, for her talented acting as seen in the video! You can also check her out on Facebook. Kryssi Miller The Alleycat Coffehouse, for graciously allowing us to film part of our video there. Also for some truely delicious chai! Check them out at www.alleycatcoffeehouse.com Risks and challenges Aside from natural disasters, the biggest risk to this project is that we fail to get enough funding to continue operation, or that members do not participate actively enough to bring life to the community as hoped. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter