*Note on rewards: an "EP" is basically a shorter album.*Do you get nostalgic over Video Game Music (VGM)?Do you love to listen to songs from websites like OCRemix?I know I do. Growing up, I played so many games that absolutely captured my imagination -- even with their 8-bit/16-bit graphics and music. Honestly, that just made it even more impressive.These games brought us along mystical journeys, fantastic adventures, and sometimes just simple fun. They brought me and my friends together for many a sleepover. I want to take the music from these games and re-imagine them for the modern dance floor.Here's the kicker: I need input from all you guys on which songs to remix! When you pledge, you automatically get the ability to vote on what tracks you want to hear.*Note: all backer levels have a vote in what songs get remixed. For every 10 dollars pledged you'll get an extra vote.*---So here's the deal: I want to plunge myself into this project for the next 2-3 months. In order to do this, I'm going to need the means to focus my time and energy, as well as the means to make sure that the final product is as awesome and polished as I can possibly make it.This is where kickstarter comes in.What is the pledge going towards? Mastering the music Promotion Production cost of physical units (including shipping) for backers Graphical art and design for the album Copyrighting the album Time If the pledge amount is exceeded, I'll use the money to do primarily one thing: make more music.(Have an idea for a cool reward? Let me know and we can try and set it up!)--- Risks and challenges I'm scared. I'm excited. I'm scared because there's always the fear that I'll take some magical piece of artwork (like an original piece of music) and make a remix that doesn't stand up to it. Creative failure :(. I'm excited for the same reason. I'm excited because this is a chance to bring these classic and nostalgic video game tunes to a modern audience through a familiar sound. My aim is to make the tracks completely recognizable as video game tunes to the gaming fans while having the music sound like a great dance track for those who aren't familiar with the original source material. As far as risks go, the primary concerns are going to be related to the physical production process (mostly because I've never gone through it before) and the promotion (as with all musical endeavors, getting my voice heard will be a challenge). Learn about accountability on Kickstarter