THE MANGLED is a independent horror film to be shot this fall in Paisley, Ontario, Canada, by award winning director Lawrence W. Nelson II (Far from Anywhere) Staring horror legends, Bill Moseley, Priscilla Barnes, and Michael Berryman, Elissa Dowling, along with Steve Booth, Mariya Protsenko, and Jennifer Abbey, with a whole lot of other talented people we're looking to hire REAL SOON. We've been working on this film for the past year now, and we're so close to getting it made, something that we think is going to be really amazing in the horror genre. We just need a little HELP from YOU to get us across the finish line. Our film has been mentioned in bloody disgusting, horror magazine, and is on IMDB!!!! Our goal is to premire the film in October, 2013 at the After Dark Film Festival in Toronto. The awesome new poster for the film THE STORY. On a stormy night in Virginia, the Bates family is setting up for a 25th anniversary party. When teenagers start to terrorize them. What was suppose to be their happy night of celebration with old friends, as now turned for the worse. Just when they think that things can't get more complicated, three Flordia bound college students from Canada, come pounding on their door. One of them serisously injured. Then the Bates find out that their 18 year old daughter Daisy has been kidnapped!!! Which brings the question, are these kids that just happened to be knocking on their door, in on it? Do they know where their daughter is? But the Bates hold secrets of their own that are far more bazzare and twisted than they are letting on. SOUNDS Awesome doesn't it. Yeah we think so too! Offical The Mangled movie trailer. To give you guys a taste of what we're going to do. HOW KICKSTARTER WORKS: Basically, you pledge any amount you want too, to help make this movie happen and, if we reach our fundrasing goal, you get to be a hip investor running away with all the cool rewards. And we get to make the film. Look over to the right for all the awesome rewards. Serisouly, they're "KILLER". If we don't make our goal then you don't get charged a penny, and we're going to have to seriously start thinking of becoming hookers to make this film happened. Kickstarter is a game changer for independent film makers. We're all in this together now. From the ground up. You get to be apart of something that is truly special. Art is no longer a one way street of supply and demand anymore. We're a village and we're raising a child name The Mangled together. It's pretty exciting. So come on the journey with us! CAST: Bill Moseley Bill Moseley Priscilla Barnes Priscilla Barnes Michael Berryman Mindy Robinson Elissa Dowling Michael Berryman Carla Michelle -- Josephine Bates Steve Booth -- Steve hails from Toronto Ontario, works as a Personal Trainer and is thrilled to be getting an oppurtunity to work in this project, with his Martial Arts and power lifting background, he felt he was fitted perfectly for the role and looks forward bringing every bit of intensity to filling the role of "Cletus Bates". "I feel blessed to land this role , knowing how long it takes to 'climb the ladder' in the acting world. I have always felt that if given the chance?? I will pull off any role offered, in Toronto there is tons of actors and wannabe's, to go along with the casting couch and such, I have done lots of background work but never a 'principle role, I'm hoping this open's new doors for myself as I just want to work and provide".Mariya Protsenko -- Mariya Protsenko has been dreaming about enterteinment industry since a very early age. She has started modelling when she turned 18 and appeared on many catalogues, runways and magazines. But her real passion was always acting. After getting roles in commercials and short films she has finally landed a lead role as beautiful Rose in ultimate thriller The Mangled. 'I was so excited to get this role because the film will be so fantastic and extraordinary - not a typical horror movie. While the characters are very complex and it will be really fun to see them develop and unfold as the film progresses.' On a personal note, Mariya is very multi-dimensional and enjoyes clubbing, ballet and opera performances, watching movies, art galleries and museums, hanging out with friends and most of all horse riding.Jennifer Abbey -- Professional Dancer, singer, and Actor. Principal dancer in feature film "Hairspray!", Singer on MuchMusic's Disband featuring Cookie Couture, and now featured in the "Mangled!"Director/Producer/Writer -- Lawrence W. Nelson II (Far from Anywhere) Cpl. Lawrence W. Nelson II served in the United States Marine Corps before leaving active duty on May 31st, 2007. On his return home, Lawrence decided to follow his long time dream and passion – screenwriting and directing. He enrolled into the Los Angeles Film School. In the program, Lawrence directed numerous short films culminating with his final thesis project – the award winning short film, Far From Anywhere. The heart wrenching drama was based on his experiences after coming home from the Marines and centering on his relationship with his abusive father. Director: Lawrence W. Nelson II Producer --http://www.imdb.com/name/nm2211881/ Judy Fox she's produced films like the upcoming Manison Girls, Children of Sorrow, and Below Zero. QUESTION AND ANSWER SECTION: WILL YOU POST INTERVIEWS WITH THE CAST AND CREW? Of course, we will! Here's a one from the writer/director/producer Lawrence Nelson II -- he was going to do it, but we thought we share this first. Enjoy! IS $140,000 DOLLARS ENOUGH TO MAKE THIS FILM! YES. We have an amazing crew of professionals waiting to make this movie happened. We're shooting on the Canon 7D -- we own the gear, plus everyone is basically working for free. They LOVE this film that MUCH. But this is the bare mimum that we need to do this film RIGHT. ARE THERE OTHER WAYS TO HELP OUT OTHER THAN COLD HARD CASH? Heck yes. If you could share our KICKSTARTER on your facebook page, website, blog, twitter, or just mentioned the project to one other person. That could be all we need to help make this project a success and failure. And we don't want that. Do we? KNOWING WHO INSPIRED YOU MIGHT INSPIRE ME TO OPEN MY WALLET. WHO ARE THOSE PEOPLE? I think that this list can be way to long, but we'll try our best to make this short. I think indie horror film makers like my friend Eric England, "Madison County" to Christopher Nolan "Memento, Batman saga" to even "Clint Eastwood" "Tobey Hooper" "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" this list can go on forever-- Lawrence W. Nelson II says, " I have such a huge respect for the art of film, that ever since I was a little kid this is what I wanted to do. And so many people telling me that you're crazy. " I'VE GOT OTHER QUESTIONS CAN I CONTACT YOU GUYS! For sure, we're easy as heck to get a hold of. Here are the links and ways to contact us. EMAIL-- Lawrence W. Nelson II --- themangledllc@gmail.com OFFICAL TWITTER -- www.twitter.com/themangledmovie OFFICAL FACEBOOK -- www.facebook.com/themangledOFFICAL WEBSITE -- www.themangled.yolasite.com OFFICAL IMDB -- http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2400469/OFFICAL FACEBOOK -- www.facebook.com/NoOneLeftBehindProductions BLOG -- http://themangled.blogspot.ca/2012/07/mangled-shoot-lead-up.html#!/2012/07/mangled-shoot-lead-up.html