Hello and thanks for visiting our Kickstarter page!! We are The Other Words an indie folk and country band from Los Angeles CA. We came together in 2013 and have spent the better part of the last year working hard to write a record that we as artist can be proud of and you as fans will hopefully enjoy just as much. In the next month with your help we hope to accomplish the goal of recording and releasing our newest EP, it will be a 5-6 song record of all new material only previously heard at live shows. Making a record is an amazing experience for any band, however the costs can really mount up if your looking to do it the right way. Your contributions will go directly to time in the studio to record, mix and master all of our new tracks. We will also be using any remaining funds to press copies of the album to send out to all of you who decide to donate to us. To give you a little insight as to where your money is going we will be doing a video diary of our time in the studio and releasing it on our social media outlets throughout the process as well. With your help we hope to release the record in early to mid April sometime. A record release party will be held to come together and celebrate the culmination of what will be a very intense but rewarding recording experience for us and to share with all of you who helped make it possible. From the bottom of our hearts thank you for reading this and for being apart of making our dream a reality. Cheers Risks and challenges As with any endeavour that involves money there are inherent risks, this is no different in the record making process. We will be under significant time constraints in order to get this record made on the budget we set out to make it. We feel that with our preparation going into the project that we are as ready as we could possibly be, trust that no one takes this opportunity as seriously as we do and we are taking every step necessary to make the most of the time spent in recording. Knowing what is at stake here is imperative for us and we have a very good understanding of what challenges lie ahead and all potential pitfalls in recording, which is exactly why we spent the last 6 months honing our sound and doing all pre production that is necessary to get the absolute most out of our time in studio. We truly thank you for your investment in us and we look forward to bringing to life our passion and effort in this new record. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter