What do we use our iPhones for? Well, what do we NOT use our iPhones for? iPhones have become an integral part of our lives, consolidating all the STUFF we used to carry in our bags into one easy, pocket-able device. With new multimedia contents and mobile apps coming out every second, you need space--lots of it--to maximize productivity and enjoyment on your iPhone. That is why we made i.dime, the ultimate storage expansion solution for your iPhone. When we designed i.dime, we wanted to improve upon all the existing ways in which you can get more space. And what good is extra space if you can’t share it? i.dime offers the simplest way to share and manage all your files at really affordable pricing. With i.dime, you can simply do more! Problem A 16GB iPhone gives you around 12GB of user-accessible space. That means that even if you didn’t install a single app, store a single song or take a single photo, your shiny new iPhone can shoot just 32 minutes of 4K video. As technology keeps evolving, sizes of photos, videos and apps continue to increase. Do you really want to pay $100, $200 on top of the cost of a brand new iPhone to get extra storage every year or so? Solution You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 With i.dime, you can add up to 256GB of additional space to the iPhone. More real estate allows you to capture more moments, unleash your creativity and keep memories that you shared with your loved ones. Dimensions Four Capacities Made to Share Sharing contents to other devices is just a snap away. Whether it is a birthday video of your kid or 200 photos you took with your friends at a party last night, simply snap off the i.dime and place it on the USB holder provided. Then use it as a thumbdrive and plug it in to your computer. Lightning and micro USB holders are available as well for your tablets and non-Apple smartphones. Blazing Speed When the time comes to transfer your data, i.dime supports blazing fast 95MB/s read and 90MB/s write speeds. This ensures all content, whether it be 4K videos or high-resolution images, can be enjoyed with minimal lag or delay. For example, 16GB of photos and videos will take less than 3 minutes to transfer. Does it work without the case? Absolutely With provided dongles that come with every purchase of an idime, you can simply snap idime on to the dongles to plug it into the bottom port of your phone to enjoy idime. Front View Back View Dimensions Many of you have expressed concerns whether our product will work with upcoming iPhone 7. The answer is YES, and if iPhone 7 were to launch before we begin shipping, you'll be given a choice to receive iPhone 7 case instead. Design Made of polycarbonate urethane, the slip-preventive i.dime case provides pleasant grip while protecting your phone from impacts. Colors Currently, we are offering 5 different color options to choose from: Bottom Port Options i.dime case comes in two options (lightning port or Micro USB port) for you to choose. Compatibility i.dime case is compatible with iPhone 5, SE, 6, 6+, 6S, 6s+ The i.dime application features intuitive user interface that makes managing your files on your i.dime and iOS effortless. Photo/Video Capture images and record videos directly onto the i.dime, rather than taking up more space on your phone. File Manager Backup your native iOS contacts, photos and videos to the i.dime with a press of a single button. Manage files on the i.dime with full visibility of all the files stored. Content Viewer View photos and video, play music and read documents of various types. i.dime app supports file formats that are not be supported by iOS including the following: Audio: WAV, AAC, AIF, AIFF, CAF, M4A, MP3 Image: JPG, TIFF, GIF Video: MP4, M4V, MPV, MOV, MKV, WMV, FLV, 3GP, GIF, AVI (subtitles as well: SRT, SUB, SBV) Holders Lightning Holder Whether it is for older generation iPhones or iPads, drop the i.dime on to the lightning holder and plug it into the lightning port to share your contents between iDevices. Micro USB Holder Sharing files with Android as an Apple user has always been a nightmare. We made this holder to make cross-platform sharing completely effortless. External Battery As a Charging Dock Using the ports on the battery, you can sync and charge the phone at the same time. The battery supports 2X charge, meaning your phone will be fully juiced in half the amount of time you would need if you were just plugging it into a computer. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 As a Portable Battery You can charge it using the i.dime port with the case on, or use the cable to charge it. Better yet, you can charge two phones simultaneously at the same time. Capacity: 4,500mAH (Charges your iPhone 6S 1.7 times over @ 2x charging speed which is same speed as the wall charger) Keychain Holder The keychain holder (70 x 32 x 6.2 mm) allows you to securely carry up to two i.dimes and two types of dongles. The slide-out function let's you quickly access your i.dimes without any hassle. To get a Keychain Holder, simply add $9 to the reward level of your choice. Timeline Rewards What People Think Our Story Our team has put much thoughts into perfecting i.dime over time and had grateful and exciting moments with multiple awards including CES innovation award. We are very excited to finally bring i.dime to the market and strongly believe that you will like it. Tech Specs Special Thanks Special thanks to music producer STUbeat KD for working many late nights with the i.dime team to create awesome soundtracks for our videos. Spread the Word Responsibility of Duties, Fees and Taxes Please note that you will be responsible for any duties, fees and taxes applicable to receiving any i.dime products in your region. Risks and challenges With more than 50 years of experience combined between the CEO, CTO and the Chief Designer, we have delivered multiple hardware products to the market in the past. However, as with any newly manufactured hardware project, there are risks associated with manufacturing and supply chain that could impact the actual production time frame. Our commitment to all our backers is that we will make every effort to deliver you a great product, on time, and will communicate with you regularly along our journey. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter