Salutations potential donors,My name is charlie, i am currently a resident of East NY Brooklyn. You may have heard about how a majority of its current residents fall below the poverty line and the neighborhood has a shockingly high crime rate. What most people don't know is that this place is a desert when it comes to resources, recreational spaces and activities. I have had the great honor of working with some of the students from the surrounding community during my year serving as an Americorps volunteer. I got to see first hand a majority of these kids lack the confidence to reach their dreams. Due to lack of opportunities and exposure to new things outside of their community, their world views are very limiting. I'm raising money to create a photography/video club for the youth of the East New York Community. This program would allow those who are interested the opportunity to express themselves visually through photography and video. The students will learn the basic ins and outs of capturing images and basic editing. Also the students will view images from different photographers and settings from around the world. I am hoping that this new experience will allow the youth to have a positive outlet, a way to share their experiences with others visually and become more aware of the world outside of East New York Brooklyn. This is a project i hope to start at the beginning spring of 2016. This project means so much to me because these students have the potential to accomplish so much but they are unaware of their capabilities. These students should have the same opportunities that is afforded to their counterparts of different zip codes. hopefully this Project will spark others to do more for the community of East NY BrooklynThe Donation will cover manual SLR cameras,camera equipment and editing equipment for about 10-studentsI will Create a Photo Blog online to keep backers and everyone interested up to date on how things are going and the students progression stay tuned.I thank all of you who are able to help bring this project to life. Thanks for reading and Sharing..Here are a few stat links about the area if interestedhttp://www.nyc.gov/html/doh/downloads/pdf/data/2006chp-204.pdfhttp://www.point2homes.com/US/Neighborhood/NY/Brooklyn/East-New-York-Demographics.htmlhttp://www.city-data.com/neighborhood/East-New-York-Brooklyn-NY.html Risks and challenges Some challenges that could potentially arise from project completion is over promotion of the program and getting more students registered than anticipated. This will only be an issue because the goal of the program is to give students access to a positive recreational activity to limit their exposure to the Negatives of the neighborhood. inorder to solve this issue there will be cycle rotations per week which will give different students an opportunity to take part. This will help with making sure each students get use of a camera and equal time editing. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter