BassMerchant is a writer and creator of electronic music. After climbing to the top of the ReverbNation charts UK it is finally time to offer fans the chance to listen to the fully mastered catalog in the high quality for which it was always intended.This project aims to raise funds to finance the completion of the mastering process. In return for helping with this, contributors will be able to access downloads of the final mastered mixes- at a much higher quality than can be heard in the examples here.The money raised will be used to finance the mastering of the album- the more funds received the more time can be spent on each track and to include extra music for the rewards with a total of 40 tracks ready for mastering.The music Has been produced over the past ten years with on off periods in between. So with the advent of Kickstarter coming to the UK i decided to wrap up the last ten years into an Album and release it to the world.What's with all the videos?I would like my music used in conjunction with Video Games and Films. I created the show reel to illustrate the relationship between my music and the industry I produce music for- Visual Media & Video Games. Hopefully you'll agree that the music also stands up on it's own too. (A Moving Musical Experience Of Frequency & Harmonic Manipulation , An Electro Language With An Accent Of Bass ) (With around 40 tracks in the final stages i will be adding bonus tracks though out the campaign and updating the rewards to include them) http://www.reverbnation.com/bassmerchant Risks and challenges The studio and the mastering engineer have already been contacted for this project. This means that if the project is successful the tracks can (and will) be delivered the very next day. Although the time to complete the mastering process is slightly variable it won't be by a large amount- no more than a couple of days beyond schedule. Although the actual studio time cannot be booked until the project is completed alternative arrangements have been put into place if it turns out that the studio is double booked when the time comes to deliver the tracks. What this means is that the only possible risk is that people might recieve their rewards a couple of weeks later than intended. Of course, I will keep you all informed if that is going to be the case . Learn about accountability on Kickstarter