Miss the Kickstarter?Head over to EpicSpace.net and join in now.Quick Info! All Pledge Tiers receive access to the Beta. So far, 9 backers will be commanding the notorious Odin. Will you? Take a moment to vote for us on Steam Greenlight! (Link Below) Capital Ships are the Largest Ships in the Universe, requiring a crew of real people to manage easily. Epic Space Online hosts players in a single universe with absolutely no borders or boundaries. You can fly in any direction in a procedurally generated universe.The game is incredibly deep with too many aspects to cover at once, but anyone can scratch the surface and start flying, trading, and building space stations now. (Soon on the iPad)About the Project: We're going to be bringing Capital Ships to Epic Space Online. These will be the largest ships in the game and will require not just you to operate, but an actual crew of real people!This has never been done before in a 2D Space game and will be a significant feat. But the end result will be a ship flyable by anyone, where you can transport goods, people, and anything else you can think of across the universe.This is going to be an add on to an already in depth game that's playable right now.The Transport Ship (Crewed by You and Others) The expansion will include Carrier and Destroyer Capital ships. The Odin - Click for larger image. Pledge now to captain this Ship ----> The Odin. Other players can dock with this ship. Also capable of FTL travel. One shared persistent sandbox/universe. No Borders or Boundaries, fly in any direction. Mining, piracy, industry. Build and deploy space stations. Deep crafting with hundreds of craftable items. Unlimited Exploration. Weekly Updates / Features. 100% Player Driven. Dozens of different ships. Randomly generated content. Epic Space Battles over an insane amount of territory. Mine, pirate or buy your way to your goals. Dozens of different ships already in game. Hundreds of craft able items. There are no borders in Epic Space Online. Fly in any direction. In depth wiki available for your use. Unlimited Opportunities for Exploration. New Content all the Time. Dozens of Ships -- Click for Larger View We need you!Epic Space Online is the only member supported MMO in existence. Every donation goes directly into development and to the support of the game world. Players who pledge and donate what they can do so because they genuinely love the game and it's potential. Join our community! Click for larger version VIP Pledge Awards E3 Launch Party (June 10th 2014 - Los Angeles) VIP Forum Badge Design a Fighter, Capital Ship, Receive the Unique 3D Model and More. Join us for our VIP Launch Party at E3 2014 The Combat Physics Demohttp://EpicSpace.net/physicstestSo what if my pledge reward gets destroyed?Type "/reward <Shipname>" in the chat window.Rewards the player with a ship if it doesn't exist in the universe and the player has pledged at that level. View more console commands.For capital ships, you simply have to wait 7 days before a new one can be constructed. What do Kickstarter Backers get over everyone else? Free Capital Ship Replacement for Life ( Only if none exist in universe ) Backer / Captain Profile Badge Instant Access to Closed BETA I've just backed the game, when can I get access to the Closed Beta?You'll receive your BETA Key at the end of the Kickstarter. (See Update #1 for the Client Links. Be sure to download now.)What if I'm already in the Closed BETA. Why should I pledge on Kickstarter? You'll get everything above A +1 Promotion in Rank Admiralty Forum Badge A special mention in the credits Risks and challenges Edward Melville and his team are creating gameplay aspects that have never been seen before; as proven with the Epic Space Online game currently live now. We wanted to create a universe that's infinite and never ending. Now we want to have players share their experiences on a single ship in this universe. It's a bold goal, but even with limited means we've come this far. Capital ships are the next step in Epic Space Online's evolution, one way or another this will happen. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter