The Kickstarter is over, thank you so much for your support!If you're still interested in backing you can do so via PayPal for the time being. Click here to back via PayPal If you want to find more info & keep up to date on the game you can follow me on twitter, check out the dev log, or head to the main game site. Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/Rotondo Dev log: http://www.odnotor.com/ Game site: http://www.ForgettableDungeon.com Twitch stream: http://www.twitch.tv/odnotor PayPal amount at end: $ 175.00 Note: Beta is going to start THIS December, 2015 made a typo on the reward. The Forgettable Dungeon is an online & offline cooperative dungeon crawler inspired by Zelda, roguelikes, and beat 'em up games. Check out the Mindcrack guys playing, warning PG-13 language My goal with this game is to combine elements from my favorite genres and games without losing what makes them unique. The complex interactions of a roguelike, the fun beat 'em up action from games like The Punisher and X-Men, and the exploration from games like Zelda. All while keeping the core game simple and intuitive. You can interact with almost every object in the environment, and you must use them in creative ways to stay alive. Current platforms are PC, Linux, and Mac (stretch goal hit!), and the game will be coming to Steam. Youtube high quality trailer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t87uqTNegsA Backing at any level will get you into the in-game Kickstarter credits! Click for video. Online cooperative gameplay: Team up and take on the dungeon with up to 15 of your friends! The game is primarily balanced for 1 to 4 players but will dynamically change to suit how many people you bring on your journey. 2 to 4 Player offline split screen: The return of the couch co-op experience! Team up with up to 4 players locally, and re-live the days long past. Requires 4 controllers. ( Note: Split screen is currently windows only but is planned for linux ) Real time combat inspired by Zelda & beat 'em up games: Hack slash and charge your way through your enemies! You can pick up almost every object in the world and beat monsters over the head with it. You can also throw objects from afar in classic beat 'em up fashion! Boss fights inspired by classic games: Lots of fun bosses to fight with your friends, inspired by classic NES & SNES boss fights! Featuring awesome music by Hyper Unknown: Fast paced songs inspired by classic video games. Check out the song from the trailer below. Permadeath: Death is the end and there is no coming back! Even in co-op, once the last player dies you can never return to the same dungeon again. But don't worry you can revive your teammates by carrying their corpse down the ladder, or finding powerful magic. If you fail they'll be trapped in a coffin on the next floor. Procedural dungeons & randomized items: Every time you play it's a new experience! The dungeons are procedurally generated, the items and monsters are randomly placed. On top of that each time you play you'll have to figure out what each magical potion and scroll does! Custom characters & skinning system: You can easily create your own character using the in game character editor. It'll even be sent over the network so other players can view it! The entire dungeon, monsters, and items are all reskinnable as well. Each model is simply a 2D PNG sprite file easily editable by most programs. Voxel art style, destruction, & physics: The look of the game is inspired by one of my favorite games 3D Dot Game Heroes. Almost every object in the dungeon can be destroyed, and pixel debris are physically simulated for more fun. Or me rather, my name is Anthony Rotondo. I'm a game developer from Boston. Previously I worked on a game called Blockland, which was created by my friend Eric Hartman. After working on that for 10 years I decided hey, maybe I should make another game. This is that game, I've been working on it for the past 2 years in between contract work and Blockland stuff. Why Kickstarter: Although I've taken the game a long way in my spare time, the funding will let me focus entirely on finishing the game in the next 6 months. Between Kickstarter and my savings I will have the ability to completely focus on the Forgettable Dungeon. The money will mainly be going towards: Music Webservers Software licenses & hardware A lot of tea & coffee Food of some kind to keep me living. Plus a little over 5% will go to kickstarter as well. What's left to do: The core of the game is complete, at this point it's mainly content that needs to be finished up. Finish fleshing out the remaining dungeon themes Lots more monsters More bosses More fun items Many more weapons Achievements & challenges Polish, and more polish Met goals! $12,000 Mac port + Deathmatch mode: Thankfully the engine is already mostly compatible with the mac os, I just need to buy a mac as well as a few pieces of software. Deathmatch mode: At one point there was a bug that enabled friendly fire. Who would have thought knocking a bomb around and shooting your friends could be so entertaining? Would be a fun mode if fleshed out. $16,000 Mini open world hub: Now you start at a campfire out in the open air instead of the old and dusty inn. Explore around the area to find secrets and easter eggs, and of course the entrance to the dungeon. Stretch goals: $20,000 Arena mode: Team up with your friends and fight wave after wave of enemies, while the characters you design watch from the audience! They can throw in items and health as you fight for their entertainment. $28,000 Shader overhaul + Dungeon master mode: New fancy shaders and effects, perhaps even depth of field effects. You will be able to turn this off if your graphics card doesn't support advanced shaders. Dungeon master mode: One player is now the dungeon master, overseeing creation of the dungeon and placement of monsters as the users play. Note: Given the time frame of development some stretch goals may come as a patch after release. Contact: Twitter: https://twitter.com/Rotondo Email: HappyBoxGames@gmail.com Links: Game Site: http://forgettabledungeon.com Dev Blog: http://odnotor.com The dev blog has almost the entire games development if you want to see the origins. Press: Press Kit Imgur album of screens Risks and challenges All projects have risks. Right now the core of the game is done and the remaining themes, monsters, and items are planned out. Video games are complex and shipping on time can be challenging. Games with a heavy focus on procedural content carry more risks. However, the core of the game is playable and the hard technical problems have been solved. Life can be a bit crazy and unpredictable but I am committed to getting this game out no matter what. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter