A Brief SynopsisFraud is a scripted 30 minute drama centered on a young fraud investigator, Ethan Dempsey, who has 3 days to break a high-profile case involving a pharmaceutical company. The case unexpectedly forces him to question the path he has chosen and the life that lies ahead. Where does the story come from?The story is loosely based on an incident that occurred during the late summer of 2013, where a Bank of America intern died after working for 3 days straight. It is also inspired by the writer's own personal experiences working for a global accounting firm as an IT auditor. Our hope is that the film will encourage viewers to question whether or not they are making choices that align with the life they truly desire. About the Writer/DirectorLaurence Jackson is an alumnus of the Robert H. Smith School of Business at the University of Maryland where he obtained his Bachelor of Science degree in Information Systems. During his time at the University of Maryland, Laurence also served as the founder and president of the university’s filmmaking society. He wrote, produced, and directed a short film, a feature film, and a mini-series, as well as oversaw the production of over a dozen other short films.Following his time at the University of Maryland, Laurence served as a Senior IT Auditor at a global accounting firm. He also served as a free-lance producer, and has worked with such clients as Extreme Makeover: Home Edition, One School Media, Inc., Burch Builders Group, and the University of Maryland Alumni Relations. In 2012, Laurence enrolled at the School of Communication at American University, where he is preparing to graduate with a Master of Arts degree in Producing for Film and Video in the summer of 2014.Laurence is currently a producer at Messenger Films Inc. In January of 2014, he spent two months co-producing a feature film in Bosnia & Herzegovina. The film is entitled Sabina K. and a teaser trailer can be found here: Meet the crew:Writer/Director/Producer - Laurence JacksonDirector of Photography - Tim ChapinCasting Director - Leayne DempseyAssistant Director - Gloria ChanAssociate Producer - Megan BrownProduction Designer - Marquise NicholsStill Photographer 1 - Avery JoshuaStill Photographer 2 - DL MoodyPost Production Supervisor - Daniel McNeillSound Mixer - Luka DjordjevicComposer - Grant FloeringWhat's the deal with the triangle in the logo?The fraud triangle is a model for explaining the factors that cause someone to commit occupational fraud. It consists of three components which, together, lead to fraudulent behavior: Motive (or pressure) – the need for committing fraud (need for money, etc.) Rationalization – the mindset of the fraudster that justifies them to commit fraud Opportunity – the situation that enables fraud to occur What stage of production are we in?We are currently in pre-production. The script has been completed. All locations have been secured. The crew has been assembled. About 20% of the actors have been cast, with about 60% pending offers. Principle photography begins mid/late-June. Risks and challenges The largest risks revolve around scheduling and logistics. We have a tight production schedule and many moving pieces. Fortunately, all of our locations, which have all been secured, are central and require little modifications. We have a very talented, seasoned crew who are accustomed to adapting on the fly. As the film must be completed by mid-August to meet thesis guidelines, post-production must move very quickly. However the lead editor has dedicated 5 days a week for 5 weeks to the film, and will edit while the film is still in principal photography. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter