The Story'Isabella' is a narrative film about an undocumented Mexican-American teenage girl. The film deals with the identify crisis she suffers after she discovers she was born in Mexico, her resulting struggle to enter college, and the outside forces bent on deporting her back to her birth country. Isabella Garcia is a normal Mexican-American teenager from a South Texas border town. Things are looking good for Isabella. Her grades are fantastic, she has applied to the University of Texas, and there is a romance brewing between her and a boy from her class. But her entire world is upended when her parents reveal a family secret.Until now, Isabella's parents, Miguel and Inez Garcia, have tried to protect their daughter from the truth about her citizenship. However, this guarded secret reveals itself at the worst possible time. Mexican drug cartels have commited a series of violent crimes on US soil, triggering political pressure to crack down on illegal immigration in communities along the US-Mexico border.In response to federal pressure, and going against his better judgement, Sheriff Wyatt reinstates the unstable Deputy Burke, and it is only a matter of time before Burke takes the law into his own hands. As the risk of arrest and deportation grows, Isabella must decide whether or not to make her stand.The IdeaThis film is a passion project for all involved. The writers, producers and director all know people who have been directly affected by US immigration laws. More than one of us have witnessed a friend being deported back to their birth country, despite their having graduated from public school in the US. As filmmakers, and US citizens, we feel that the storytelling power of film is our best chance to change hearts and minds across America on this subject. And by coming to Kickstarter and reaching out to those already sympathetic to the struggles of undocumented teens, we hope to make Isabella's story larger than life.'Isabella' is a film that deals directly with the issue of immigrants brought to the US as children by their parents, but it also more broadly deals with the issues facing modern US border communities. Mexican drug cartels are known to commit murder or other violent acts on the US side of the border, sometimes claiming American lives. But love can also find its way over the border, as depicted by a Caucasian/Latino couple in the film. 'Isabella' also explores the unique issues facing many veterans who have been exposed to trauma in combat.'Isabella' is not a political film though; our main goal is to showcase the unique challenges facing teenage immigrants. Imagine being 16 or 17 years old and finding out that you can't get a job, or a driver's license or even gain admission to college. What would your next step be? Do you acquiesce to the circumstances and get a job that pays under-the table? Do you return to your birth country where you have not set foot since infancy? Or do you fight back and try to change the laws that are holding you back? The Plan June - Return to Thomasville, GA to complete location scouting. July-August - Finalize cast and crew and budget. September - The 20-day shoot begins. Oct-Dec - Post-Production, scoring and festival submission. January - Host a hometown screening in Atlanta, GA with VIP contributors. Early 2014 - Theatrical release of Isabella A lot of the pieces are in place already, but not all of them. We have paid all our writers and our script is finalized with an ending we love. We have done preliminary scouting in Thomasville, GA and have been welcomed by the local Chamber of Commerce. Tax breaks have been secured from the State of Georgia, which will save us a ton of money. We have secured affordable access to both an Arri Alexa (Drive) and a Sony F3 (Red Hook Summer) camera. Financing to cover equipment and crew is already in place, but we don't yet have a cast attached. Actor Tim Ware (Monster, Remember the Titans) has agreed to play Sheriff Wyatt, but we are still in negotiations to cast the rest of the film. We have come to Kickstarter for two reasons. First, we want to bring Isabella to life with as many of our top choice actors as possible. We have a version of our budget that allows for us to hire only non-union crew and actors, but if our crowd funding campaign is successful we will be making offers to our dream cast. These actors are SAG (Screen Actors Guild) members and cost significantly more to hire. However, their talent will only help to increase awareness of the film, and much more importantly help make undocumented teens part of the American conversation. We are currently in talks with several actors and cannot announce any names right now, but we will be posting updates as each actor signs on for a role. The second reason we are on Kickstarter is to fill out our crew with a brilliant cinematographer and lighting crew. If we are able to make Isabella with SAG actors and a union crew, we will also be able to hire our dream Director of Photography. Again, we can't say who this is, but we are in talks with a very talented cinematographer who's latest film is hitting theaters this summer; and the trailer looks amazing!Additionally, if our crowd funding campaign exceeds our goal, we will use a portion of the funds to self-distribute Isabella in theaters across America. Our producers have experience with theatrical distribution and we have an affordable plan to get Isabella into theaters in every corner of the US, not just in major cities.The CrewLeevon Daniels - DIRECTOR/PRODUCERAtlanta-native Leevon Daniels has been making films since the age of 15. In 2007 he won Best Short Film at the IBFF, and followed up this win with his first feature film 'The Showcase', while still attending NYU film school. After graduation worked for Feral Films which later became a unit of MTV Films. Leevon also directed the film 'Mutombo' starring Clifton Powell and Michael Blackson.Robert King - WRITER - www.RobertNKing.comWriter/actor Robert King's performing career began with stand-up comedy and improvisation in his home state of New Jersey. The Manhattan Repertory Theatre produced his first play, 'Boys Cry Too'. His award-winning solo show, 'Halfrican-American', was performed at The Barrow Group Theatre. He wrote and produced the sitcom pilot 'Life of the Party', the new web-series, 'Common Sense Police', and he is currently writing and developing 'Roulette: The Musical'. Robert does a great Will Smith impersonation, but more commonly gets mistaken for Carlton. Jason Loughridge - PRODUCER - www.project8films.com Jason Loughridge is CEO and President of Project 8 Films, a Los Angeles-based production and post-production company, where he has built a reputation for consistently completing movies on time and on budget. Prior to establishing Project 8 Films, Jason served as Vice-President of Hip Films producing films, TV shows, and music videos. His expert knowledge of pre-production, production, post-production -- and distribution! - make him an indispensable asset to any film production. Clayton Koski - PRODUCERClayton lives in Atlanta and studied film at UNC. Clayton worked on the feature '40 Fears' and the short 'Desdemona 6' for Dalliance Films. He has also written and produced many short films, including 'Fragile', released in 2011.Matt Dove - PRODUCERMatt Dove is from Washington, D.C., and attended film school at Chapman University. He has worked as a freelance cameraman and video podcast editor, and has directed music videos and produced video installations for Casa Animal in Panama.If you have any questions, comments or suggestions for our film, please feel free to contact us. Risks and challenges We are seeking $300K, and we know that seems like a lot of money; but this isn't a tiny film. It's a multi-faceted film full of big ideas. Thus far, we have secured only minimal financing. It is enough to get pre-production rolling, polish up the script, and pay a majority of the equipment, crew and location costs. If the message of this film rings true with enough people, then we will reach our goal and we can hire our dream cast, spreading Isabella's message to even more people. There are two film budgets prepared; a smaller budget in-case we are not successful and a larger budget in-case we are. If we are successful with this campaign we will be able to make the movie with union actors and crew members, significantly boosting the quality of talent in the film. But our producers have extensive experience bringing in films on schedule and on budget, so even if we do not reach our goal, we are confident that we can cast, shoot, edit and release this film by early 2014. Most of our contributor rewards are tied into the filmmaking process and may take time to deliver. Some of the rewards (t-shirts, posters) will be sent out later this year, but the DVD, BluRay and digital copy of the film won't be available until 2014. We are also offering invitations to premiere and festival screenings, as well as visits to the set and walk-on roles. We can't afford to include airfare for these rewards, but we will be happy to welcome you like family if you live close enough to attend a screening. We plan to hold screenings in Los Angeles, New York and Atlanta. Some of our rewards are universally guaranteed to everyone in that tier and above. Here are some of our universal rewards: Everyone who contributes $5 or more gets a non-form Thank You email. Everyone who contributes $15 or more gets a PDF copy of the script. Everyone who contributes $20 or more gets a thank You credit in the closing credits. Everyone who contributes $75 or more gets a BluRay of the film. Everyone who contributes $150 or more gets a signed paper copy of the script. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter