REMEMBER: You dont have to donate the specific amounts listed, you can give the stated amount or more to receive that award. Also, if you would just like to donate and don't want to receive an award, feel free to specify and let us know :)We would like to state that this is not funding for the "50 kisses film" as a whole that is in association with LSF (London Screenwriters Festival) but this is funding for Practice Makes Perfect- a film by JuneBug Films (Nikki Debbaudt and Samantha Skelton) that is competing in the 50 kisses film competition http://www.50kissesfilm.com/#/ LIKE LADYBUG FILMS ON FACEBOOK! http://www.facebook.com/ladybugfilmsSYNOPSIS:a BOY (12-15) is endearingly dressed to impress-more geek than chic-for a GIRL (12-15) who he is taking on their first Valentines date to the movies. Throughout their date, the boy flashbacks to earlier when he tries to get the kiss just right. Scenes occur where the boy practices a kiss on a balloon, a pumpkin, a mirror, even his hand. But at the end of their date when it comes time for the kiss, it becomes apparent that a simple kiss on the cheek is perfect. It's a sweet, tender story that will make you laugh and cry-and trust us, the ending is worth waiting for.EXCERPTS FROM THE SCRIPT:EXT. CINEMA. EVENING. Boy waits outside. Here she comes: GIRL, same age (12-15). Perhaps she’s taller than him? Either way, she’s made a real effort too. He half bows, then awkwardly shakes her hand. Boy brandishes two TICKETS. She pulls two more TICKETS out of her purse. They shrug and laugh. As they walk inside, Boy checks his reflection in the glass.INT. BEDROOM. EARLIER THAT DAY. Boy sits on the edge of his bed. A helium BALLOON next to him, dressed up to look like Girl’s face, with bits of string for hair and lipstick. He tries a kiss but the balloon floats away. He holds it steady with one hand and kisses hard. The balloon <pops> in his face.WHY WE WERE ATTRACTED TO THE SCRIPT:We really saw potential in this story and what we could do with it. It has a boy who's not confident in himself and a girl who in a way loves him for who he is. And in a few minutes journey, we truly come to love these characters. We're so passionate about this project and we're happy to have this story in our hands and can't wait to put our own unique spin on itACTOR BIO: Shane Skelton (Boy) Shane Skelton is 16 years old and lives in Los Angeles, CA. He originally started out acting when he was younger, starring in commercials and films like Solaris (http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0307479/) with George Clooney. Since then, he has transitioned to a different career in cycling and won the US Cup of Mountain Bike racing in 2010. On the side though, he still likes to show off his quirky self in front of the camera and participate in projects like this short filmACTOR BIO: Kelsey Hrach (Girl) Kelsey Hrach is 17 years old and also lives in Los Angeles, CA. She has been involved in performing arts, including dance. We thought she was just perfect for this film because she shares so many similarities to the girl. Her sweet nature will bring all the character we thought the girl in the script enveloped.WRITER BIO: Mark Pallis Taken from his blog http://markpallis.wordpress.comHi, my name is Mark Pallis. Former human rights barrister now writer and creative. I'm also Story Editor of BBC Drama Garrow's Law. I love stories. When I was about 12, I wrote an outline for a kids zombie thriller movie and sent it off to Pinewood Studios – they wrote me a nice letter back! For the next fifteen years, I got a bit distracted and became a barrister, set up a legal aid charity and worked in the House of Commons and for the United Nations. But I was always creating things on the side, from cookbooks to films to clothes.More recently, I’ve been writing, directing and developing film, tv and commercials pretty much full time. The primary focus has been film and tv.MEET THE FILMMAKERS! Nikki Debbaudt and Samantha Skelton have collaborated to make their own production company LadyBug FilmsFILMMAKER BIO: Nikki Debbaudt Nikki Debbaudt is 21 years old and curently lives in Los Angeles, CA. She participated in the program Inner City Filmmakers in Los Angeles, where she learned all her awesome camera and directing skills that she puts forth today. She is also an amazing photographer who's photos are unlike anyone elses and it has made her cinematography the best ever. Seriously. Also her dream is to work for BBC one dayFILMMAKER BIO: Samantha Skelton Samantha Skelton is 18 years old and currently lives in Los Angeles, CA. She participated in the program WriteGirl for two years which focused on screenplay writing and film and has made short films since then. She currently interns at Warner Brothers Studios in Burbank, CA and hopes to pen her own film one dayWHAT WE NEED OUR FUNDING FOR:-Equipment (sound and lighting mainly)-Wardrobe/makeup-Permits/renting for Locations (Int/Ext of theater)-Transportation-Props Risks and challenges Overall, our biggest challenge is raising the funds for the film (so you're in the right place) like we said above, it's mainly equipment, but also for renting/getting permits to use ceratin locations. We're students on a limited budget making this film, so any and all funds that we receive will go to making this film THE BEST that it can be. And as you can see we are navigating this challenge with all the effort that we have! I think we also took a risk with the script by using older actors, instead of ones that were say, 12, and we have interpreted the script in a unique way that will bring the short film lots of character. IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS FEEL FREE TO ASK :) Contact us on here or on our facebook page (above) Learn about accountability on Kickstarter