Hello everyone, we are The Post-Timey String Band! For those of you who don't know us we are a "folk" duo from Columbia, SC who have been playing together for about 3 years. We perform/produce an interesting blend of folk, ragtime, and blues that hails influence from the old and the new. The band consists of Kelley Douglas (who creates the picture with her vocals/kazoo/mouth trumpet and keeps everything in beat with her guitar and uke) and Sean Thomson (who colors everything in with an assortment of stringed instruments). We may be silly and quirky at times but we take our music seriously. You can check out our first album and EP on Bandcamp. The Post-Timey String Band And for those of you who already know us... y’all we have a Kickstarter!!If you're still reading this, thank you for your time and we will try and keep this brief.What are we doing?Creating a new Post-Timey album AND creating opportunities for other bands to record with us, using quality microphones, and Sean’s recording expertise. Most Kickstarters for bands only equip and provide opportunity for ONE band, but we want to use our equipment to further the development of the Columbia music community by providing professional, affordable recordings to as many bands as possible. In other words, we want this Kickstarter to be an investment, not only in Post-timey, but in several bands from the Columbia area, and beyond.Why are we doing it this way?You may be asking, "Why not just record at a studio?”.Let the story begin: When we first started thinking about recording our first album, we originally thought we would record at a studio. We saved up enough money to record a short EP, but then at a charity show, Sean's bass got stolen. With a good chunk of what money we had at the time, we bought another bass and then started to save money again.As time went by we started toying with the idea of recording ourselves, and then, as fate would have it, ”Santa" brought Kelley a Tascam 24- Track recorder for Christmas. So with the money we had left after getting the bass, we bought a couple of condenser microphones and took a crack at it. We found out that we love recording ourselves: Microphone placement, multiple takes at each track, overdubbing, experimenting, and so on… It’s kind of a Heavenly experience. So after a while, we finished our first album that we love dearly. We continued recording and learning the craft and have become confident in our recording abilities.We have both recorded in various studios, and don't get us wrong, we love every studio we have been to and plan to use them for other projects, but with Post-Timey (and especially this album) we need more time to experiment and and let the songs breath.In a nutshell: With what we know now about recording, some new microphones, and a little extra time, we get more of our money’s worth with a project like this.Why not just use the gear you have?We have grown so much since the first album. Not just in musical abilities, but our ears have gotten keener to the sounds we want to hear and share with others. We are grasping for a fuller, deeper, wider sound, but with the equipment we have we might only create an approximation of that sound. That's just not good enough, we want to do this album right.What makes this album different?We’re ready for this one.Kelley and Sean have been writing songs for this album since the first album came out. Many of the songs’ lyrics deal with complex issues such as peace and war, love and loss, and feeling orphaned, Widowed, or abandoned. The heartbreak is devastating and the hope is renewing. A line of extremely talented musicians are helping us to reflect this beauty not just in word but also in sound.AND- Kelley’s gonna’ play some electric guitar- so watch out y’all!What kind of equipment will you get?Basically, some nicer microphones and tube preamps.Specifically: • ribbon microphones • dynamic microphones • condenser microphones • A couple of tube preamps • headphone mixers • more cables • microphone stands • other odds-and-endsWhere will you get the album pressed?DiscMakers.comWhen can we expect the album to be out?We're hoping by July. We will keep you posted!Stretch-Goal:If we reach $5,000, we will not only get the album printed on CDs, we will also get it pressed on vinyl!The Bottom Line:This is not your average Kickstarter. The money will go towards recording equipment and the pressing of this album. ALSO The recording equipment will be used for albums to come by us, AND other bands. We love making music, helping folks make music, and sharing music with other folks!Also, thank you to http://kickingitforward.org for all the help! Risks and challenges Risks and challenges? Hmmmmm... Well, with taking the time to make sure this album is perfect it might not come out exactly by July With the hiccups that might arise with recording around ours and guest musicians schedules, getting it pressed, shipped out, etc. it might take a little bit longer than our estimated release of sometime in July (but we hope not!). We promise that we will have it recorded and out as soon as possible. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter