About two years ago I began constructing what has now become the world's largest online database of swords. It is completely free. Any money I generate through the site goes directly into the site's maintenance and upkeep.The site consists, in the main, of data provided by the world's great auction houses and museums, all of which have been extremely helpful and grateful for the extra traffic and interest that my site generates for their own enterprises.How my site differs from any other site is that we always provide measurements for each entry in the sword museum. This is important for historians who engage in history by recreation, and for many of the world's current swordmakers - of which there are surprisingly many. The aim is not only to provide measurements for these kind of readers, but moreover to provide a complete record of the sword with as much data available as possible for posterity.While the museums and auction houses have been very helpful, in some cases measuring swords that had not previously published measurements available, I ultimately need to get hands on with some of history's most important swords so that I can measure minutiae such as the varying thicknesses of a sword blade, point of balance, harmonics of a sword and many other aspects which hitherto have more or less failed to be measured on many of the world's most important swords. I already know of many locations who will give me access to the swords, all I need is the capital to get me there.I consider this my lasting gift to humankind. History is a the center of culture. The sword is at the center of history. Will you help me bestow this gift to mankind? Risks and challenges There are many collections I would like to access, some of which I anticipate I will have little trouble getting access to, however others are so tightly guarded and controlled I estimate that obtaining access to will be a fascinating and challenging navigation through bureacracy in its own right! If we go ahead and turn this journey into a documentary - in other words if a kickstarter contributor purchases the rights to film this journey I anticipate that screening the film to potential buyers - such as T.V. stations and distribution companies will be a challenge - perhaps one we can overcome with innovative distribution or screening through pay what you want screening sites? Learn about accountability on Kickstarter