What is This Campaign All About?For as little as $1 you can help foster change and voice your dissatisfaction with one of the most expensive, disruptive and dirty industries on this planet!Are YOU happy with the roads you drive on? This "Better Roads" campaign seeks to benefit YOU, the everyday driver, as well as businesses who utilize our roads and highways and all levels of government whose budgets are increasingly consumed by the ever growing cost of Road Rehabilitation. The technology we are presenting in this campaign will provide the following benefits to society as a whole: A faster road rehabilitation process, reducing the number and duration of lane closures. Less congestion in urban and rural areas due to road construction. Less funding allocated to asphalt rehabilitation projects by Federal, State and Local Governments freeing up money for other vital projects. Longer lasting roads reduces long term costs and further reduces congestion. Less carbon emissions from road work projects as well as from less traffic congestion. Less road related damage to cars and trucks. Increased options for paving contractors. Smoother roads are safer and increases gas mileage. The research funded by this campaign will take place at the U.C. Davis, Pavement Research Center and has been endorsed by the University of Washington, U.C. Davis Pavement Research Center, The Transtec Group and Century Companies Inc. Take advantage of this campaign to help change the status quo! With your help we can Build a Better Road - Faster, Cheaper and Cleaner!________________________________________________________________ Hi, I’m John Smith and I need your help in solving a problem that we're all too familiar with: rough, bumpy roads and the seemingly endless congestion as they "try" to fix it. You've experienced it. The bumpy roads that jar your car and leave you anxiously wondering when your tire is going to blow. The long and annoying road rehabilitation process that either doesn't do enough, or does way too much, wasting your time while they try to fix our roads. And then, the inevitable return to bumpiness sometimes within a year. Not to mention your tax dollars pouring into massive budgets allocated to road rehabilitation. The list goes on! I've had enough of it already and you probably have too if you've experienced this lately: Or this... Then you know why I'm so passionate about this dilemma! I'll bet that the last time you were in roadwork related traffic congestion, you asked yourself, “Why does this take so long?!” You were probably frustrated because it seems like everyone is just standing around and not doing much of anything. I understand that feeling, because it‘s what started me down the road on this journey. And if you live in the biggest cities in America such as San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York, and others, you know what a huge problem this is for your vehicle. Drivers in these large cities can expect to spend an average of almost $1000 per year for road related vehicle damage! After researching the current methods of road rehabilitation I came to the conclusion that this is not the fault of the hard working men and women tasked with building our roads and highways. Rather, it is a result of the outdated tools and methods used to build and rehabilitate roads today. We CAN build roads Better, Faster, Cheaper and Cleaner while reducing traffic congestion and freeing up the roads that YOU drive on. Advanced Paving Technologies is set to lead the way. I am Here to Present You with an Alternative to the Status Quo. Now is the time to meld current road construction tools and methods with 21st Century technologies to transform road rehabilitation into a cleaner, less disruptive process that will minimize its impact on the environment, the economy and society as a whole. We believe that we have a viable solution to this problem. The purpose of this campaign is to raise funds necessary to pay for research towards the development of an advanced paving machine that will revolutionize how roads are built and rehabilitated. This paving machine is what I call the Multi-dimensional Asphalt Delivery and Compaction System, or MADCS. Informally, it is the World's First 3D Asphalt Paving Machine. We've launched this campaign to fund the validating research that will lead to the production of a working prototype. Currently, my 3 person team is working in conjunction with Professor John Harvey and his team at U.C. Davis to bring this vision to reality. Research funded by this crowdfunding campaign will be performed at the UC Davis Pavement Research Center in Spring/Summer 2016.We're coming to you on this because the road construction industry has little incentive to change on their own. Keep reading to find out why making this happen really does fall on us. What’s Wrong With Current Road Maintenance Methods? The current method for rehabilitating broken roads is slow, costly and dirty. The reason for this is that current asphalt paving machines are 2-dimensional and must rely on extensive surface preparation in order to be effective. What do we mean by 2-dimensional? Current asphalt paving machines utilize a flat plate or tamper bar (a.k.a “screed”) to measure and deliver asphalt material. Because these screeds have only a single flat surface that runs the entire width of the paving machine, they are unable to compensate for the bumps, dips, potholes and ruts that are common in most roads. Since asphalt compacts, when current asphalt paving machines with their flat screeds, deliver a flat layer of asphalt over an uneven surface, not enough material is delivered over the depressions so when the heavy roller comes along, the material around the depression compacts first, causing the roller with its flat compacting surface to bridge over the depression and the asphalt material doesn't fully compact. Eventually this material starts to crack and water seeps in, which further breaks down the asphalt… And turns into the dreaded pothole. When enough potholes form, the entire road surface must be rehabilitated. The current method is to mill down the entire surface flat so current 2D asphalt paving machines can be effective. The milled material is then hauled away, remixed and hauled back to repave the original surface. Unfortunately, this method re-processes 100% of the road surface to address a much smaller percentage of problem areas. Structurally, nothing is wrong with the majority of all asphalt that is reprocessed in this manner. This method is very time consuming and costly, as well as greatly contributing to the carbon output of the project. It also causes more and longer lane closures, which costs you time and money and contributes even more carbon output. In the U.S. alone, roughly 90 Million Tons of asphalt is reprocessed in this way every year. You see, they can't just mill out the damaged areas because they must provide a uniform flat surface for current 2D asphalt paving machines to be effective. So they mill down every square inch of road surface and reprocess it in this way. The industry actually touts this as a recycling effort, but it is anything but a green process! This inefficient cycle continually restarts all because current 2D asphalt paving machines deliver asphalt with a single flat surface, which provides no ability to compensate for localized variations such as depressions, dips, bumps or ruts. They are a 2-Dimensional tool being used to address a 3-Dimensional problem. How Do We Plan to Address the Problem? I have developed a new process for rehabilitating roads. By merging my Revolutionary Design for an Asphalt Paving Machine with Lidar Laser Scanners and Advanced Computer Modeling we can accurately deliver the right amount of asphalt material to any location on the road surface. With a 3D shaped asphalt layer we can achieve a uniform level of compaction resulting in a long-lasting smooth driving surface. And since this method will be able to compensate for any surface variation we can minimize the preparation work, greatly reducing and in some cases even eliminate the need to mill down the entire surface flat. This will reduce the cost of the project as well as substantially reducing the number and duration of lane closures, which will save us all time and money as well as reduce everyone's carbon output. First we use Lidar to scan the surface to be paved. Lidar is safe to use in public, is accurate to the millimeter and the data is easily manipulated. Using Advanced Computer Modeling a shaped asphalt mat is designed that will compensate for the depressions, dips, ruts and bumps that are found in all roads requiring rehabilitation. This will not be a flat layer of asphalt, like current 2D asphalt paving machines deliver, instead it will be shaped to inversely mimic the surface being paved providing more asphalt over depressions and less over bumps. Our patented approach uses a variable screed instead of the flat plate or tamper bar screed as used in current 2D asphalt paving machines. The Variable Screed provides the capability to accurately deliver asphalt shaped in 3D so we will be able to take a minimalistic approach to asphalt rehabilitation. Milling the entire road only when needed to maintain curb height. For all other situations we will be able to simply trench out the localized areas where potholes, severe rutting or top-down cracks have occurred. This will be followed with a shaped asphalt layer that will fill in these trenched out areas and at the same time deliver a thin-overlay to the rest of the road surface. A typical heavy roller will then perform final compaction. With the correct volume of material placed accurately over surface deformations we will be able to achieve a much better and more uniform level of compaction. Better compaction will result in extending the life of the road, saving on long term costs. Can we eliminate all milling? The answer is NO, as it is needed to remove the potholes as well as other areas that have broken down or exhibit top-down cracks. However, we can eliminate the need to mill down the entire road surface flat which will reduce the time it takes to complete the job. This will reduce the lane closures that are so disruptive to our lives. By reducing the size and duration of road construction projects we will reduce the cost to rehabilitate roads, minimize its impact on society, saving us all time and money as well as reducing the overall carbon footprint. We have the opportunity to reduce man and equipment hours, reduce the cost of the overall project and improve traffic congestion. Don't forget the impact that rough roads have on your vehicle! Why is Now the Right Time for this Technology? Today, roads in the United States and around the world are in a state of disrepair and congestion continues to plague our urban highways. According to the latest report generated by the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) (2013 Report Card For America’s Infrastructure): “32% of America’s major roads are in poor or mediocre condition, costing U.S. motorists who are traveling on deficient pavement $67 billion a year, or $324 per motorist, in additional repairs and operating costs” “Current estimates show that 42% of America’s major urban highways are congested” causing Americans to annually “waste 1.9 billion gallons of gasoline and an average of 34 hours” due to congestion. The latest TripNet report, release July 23rd, 2015 cuts straight to the chase saying, "Driving on deteriorated urban roads costs motorists as much as $1,044 annually. Driving on roads in disrepair increases consumer costs by accelerating vehicle deterioration and depreciation, and increasing needed maintenance, fuel consumption and tire wear." $1044 annually!? What the hell? Unfortunately, the Road Construction Industry, as well as the very state and federal regulations that dictate how asphalt paving is done, provide little incentive for the industry to change themselves in order to limit the size and scope of road projects. With so much emphasis on climate change, now it is the time that we focus on one of the dirtiest and most disruptive industries on the planet. Not only because of the extensive energy and resources necessary to build and rehabilitate roads or the numerous petroleum-based products used in making roads but also for the enormous impact it has on fuel economy because of construction related traffic congestion. Smooth roads are safer, last longer, improve gas mileage, and reduce vehicle maintenance costs. All federal, state and local governments will be able to save tax dollars on road construction projects allowing money to be freed up for other pressing needs. And everyone will benefit from a reduction in fossil fuel consumption as well as increased productivity because they will be spending less time stuck in traffic. My goal is to address all of these concerns by building and rehabilitating asphalt paved roads better, faster, cheaper and with a smaller carbon footprint. How Did My Story Begin? My story began while driving on some of the most congested highways in the Silicon Valley. After enduring many frustrating months stuck in traffic caused by a Highway Rehabilitation Project, it angered me to see the newly paved roads slowly transform back to the same rough and bumpy roads they were meant to replace. I decided that there had to be a better way and started on this journey. After researching current tools and methods, I identified the flat plate screed with its 2 Dimensional limitation as central to the problem. I then devised the idea of a multi-segmented variable screed and incorporated it into a totally new design for an asphalt paving machine. Advanced Paving Technologies was then incorporated and the Intellectual Rights pursued and granted by the U.S. Patent Office as well as Internationally. Finally, I came into contact with Professor John Harvey who is the Director of the U.C. Davis Pavement Research Center. After reviewing my design and approach to asphalt paving he has since assisted me in devising a research program that we intend to fund with this crowdfunding Project. That brings us to you. I believe that the most overlooked part of this equation are the people that pay the most and receive the least from current road rehabilitation methods. First, you pay in taxes that fund the current method of road rehabilitation. Then you pay even more with increased fuel costs as well as maintenance costs to repair your car due to damage caused by rough and bumpy roads. And finally, you pay with your time and inconvenience as we all sit idle in traffic congestion related to road rehabilitation. I need your help to finalize the research on this technology because the industry itself doesn’t want to change. In fact, there is quite a financial incentive NOT to change the slow, cumbersome and costly methods in practice today. Better, faster and cheaper doesn’t help the machine manufacturers or road construction companies increase their bottom line. So they stick to business as usual. But we can’t let the status quo prevail. Current methods are costly, dirty and disruptive to all our lives. And governments must realize that even though they tout these projects as “shovel-ready job creators” there is no other industry on this planet that is so disruptive to businesses as well as to society as a whole and has so much of a negative impact on our environment. With your help we can start down the road to change this expensive, dirty and disruptive industry. What will this Crowdfunding Campaign Pay for? We are poised to make great changes to how road rehabilitation is done! The road from where we are now to manifesting this vision involves the following process: 1. Conduct successful feasibility study. (COMPLETE) 2. Employ the Pavement Research Center at UC Davis to validate this approach to asphalt paving. 3. Use the findings of the study to initiate engineering on the 3-D Asphalt Paving Machine, which will lead to a working prototype. 4. Test the prototype. 5. Commercialize the 3-D Asphalt Paving Machine 6. Enjoy shorter road construction delays, spend less on vehicle maintenance, reduce our carbon footprint and get on with our lives! This campaign is raising funds for the first step in the process. The money you contribute will be used to perform research at the UC Davis Pavement Research Center that will validate the following: • Scan a rough and bumpy surface with Lidar and manipulate the captured data to design a shaped asphalt mat that will compensate for surface variations. • Simulate the use of a variable screed, as will be used in the 3-D Asphalt Paving Machine that will efficiently shape and deliver an asphalt mat according to a predetermined profile and… • Once delivered and compacted, will result in a smooth flat surface WITHOUT having to mill the ENTIRE surface down flat. We believe this will work and we’re willing to devote as much time as needed to see it through. Please join us in changing how we rehabilitate our roads and highways! The mission of Advanced Paving Technologies, Inc. is clear: Provide a better, smoother driving surface, delivered at a fraction of the time and cost while reducing traffic congestion as well as our overall carbon footprint. Thank you! The following is the successful feasibility study and copies of our letters of endorsement: To read the entire Feasibility Study Please Click on the Image. Kickstarter Video Production by http://startmotionmedia.com Risks and challenges Risks include: The U.C. Davis, Pavement Research Center has a very tight schedule and as this research is dependent on this crowdfunding campaign there is the possibility that the start date of the research may vary between Spring and Summer of 2016. Research could be positive and conclusive, but not be met with immediate capital investment. Turn around on a functioning prototype could be delayed due to process of mechanically engineering a prototype. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter