We know that there are a ton (literally 29,300,000+) Online Surf Shop possibilities available for consumers to dig through on the web. Why not? Brands like Billabong, Quiksilver, Roxy, Sanuk, Reef, Hurley, O’Neill, RVCA, Nixon, Rip Curl, Vans, Volcom, Body Glove, Von Zipper, etc. have (fortunately or not) made their way from the beach towns of the world to the fashionable streets of today’s big cities, and everywhere in between. Here at www.SurfSection.com ,we make it much easier to find what you are looking for at the best possible deal. We comb through over 300 million online surf shop related items TWICE PER SECOND (the number grows everyday) from a huge assortment of online surf shops, merchants, stores, affiliates, wholesalers, discounters, and even directly from the manufacturer’s discounted products to get you THE BEST DEAL – EVERY TIME! Search for your item, click “Best Deal” and you are automatically taken to the best deal on the web to buy that product. Think Hotels.com, Tivago, or Expedia for the surfing world and online surf shop shopping. We save you time so you can look your best and have time to do what you love.5/13/15 - SurfSection.com Celebrates Successful 1st Year !!The World’s Largest Online Surf Shopping Deals Site Continues Stellar GrowthSan Diego, CA: One year ago, SurfSection.com set out to streamline and improve how Surf Shop and Surf Culture products are purchased online. Its unique format of allowing targeted “deals” shopping simultaneously from multiple channels and specifically tailored for the Surfing Industry has proven to be a huge success and has achieved a profitable and high growth year for SurfSection.com.“When we set out on this voyage, we had a clear mission – to provide a simplified shopping experience focused on value, targeted specifically to the $17 billion Surfing Industry. Other fashion industry sites have been hugely successful, but they typically focus upon the general public and untargeted mass fashion industries. There was no ‘Stylight’ or ‘ShopStyle’ for our industry”, says Dave Trail, CEO/President of SurfSection.com.Starting with a very small team of industry veterans with a dream and a vision, SurfSection.com has grown to an organization with offices in two countries and has been building its product offering to include nearly 500k products from 50 top named merchants and brands, including Quiksilver, Hurley, Roxy, Billabong, RVCA, Volcom, Nixon, O’Neill, Rip Curl, and more.Profitable within six months of operation, SurfSection.com has aggressive plans to increase market momentum through the addition of personnel, technology, additional partnerships, and to increase marketing assets through 2015 and in to 2016. “We have some encouraging technology plans and developments that should further propel SurfSection.com to the ‘go to’ site for beach style and fashion minded individuals in the 18-35 age demographic. The future is bright and sunny.” Says Arun P Rajasingh, CTO of SurfSection.com.About SurfSection: Headquartered in the Southern California surf town of San Diego, California; SurfSection.com searches 309,078,634 of the best online surf shop products every second across multiple merchants, brands, vendors, distributors, and stores and supplies surf shoppers with The Very Best Deals - Every Second... Every Time! http://www.SurfSection.com We are raising funding for stage two of the website. The first stage was build on a Wordpress site powered by Woocommerce. This has allowed us to enter the market, but these platforms are not sufficient to power future growth. Using Wordpress causes the site to run more slowly, the more products are added to the product database. These funds will be used to construct a site built upon the latest technologies and not dependent upon Wordpress and Woocommerce which are not suitable for high traffic shopping. Risks and challenges We anticipate successful implementation of CSS coding and website construction without the use of Wordpress, Woocommerce, and plugins. The belief is that this will facilitate the user buying experience by allowing rapid page loading, searches, and category rendering. Risks include the possibility that the newly created site and coding will not dramatically improve site speed on the first iteration. We have secured development support from a leading technology developer which has been very good about following through with their commitments. We are confident that if desired results and speed targets are not met with the initial test, subsequent efforts will ensure that SurfSection.com meets the speed requirements necessary to provide a seamless shopping experience for our shoppers. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter