Lets talk about a new social networking realm. zimplyU is a start-up company that has been bootstrapped since day one. All funding will be applied in bettering the platform so people around the world can finally utilize a social network that has their best interest at heart.zimplyu.com is a new social network that allows users to connect by common interests. Rather than joining countless amount of groups and doing a lot of searching like on other sites, zU allows you to connect via common words and/or phrases. For example, I love the movie "Thor", so I'll log onto zimplyU, go to my 'Interests' tab and type in Thor, no need for hashtags or anything else! I'll then go back to the homepage and within the 'News Flash' section I will be able to see all the comments, pictures and/or videos that others have associated with the word Thor. For the current moment only 20 interests can be entered at a given moment. And what's best is that once you log out and log back in, those interests are saved unless you change/delete them. Anyone can apply this process to anything - from phrases like "New York City" to "NewYorkCity" to "NYC" to "NY". Just write, save and see. It's that plain and simple. News Flash - Area where the interests are seen. In this image, I am following 'Steelers', 'Shopping' and 'Grammys'. **NEWS FLASH** We wont be bombarding you with ads either! Screen shot of the Home Page - Notice that there are no forms of ads on this page. You control what you want to follow within the 'Interests' tab. Our company is unique because we go with a different terminology. Our theme is that of a 'Celebrity'. It's All About U! Pictures and Videos (30 seconds max) will be available within the 'Red Carpet' page, 'Co-Stars' are your friends and family. The 'Fans' tab includes both 'Fans' and 'Paparazzi'. Within your own page U will be known as a 'Fan' to other 'Celebrities' while other other people will be known as 'Paparazzi' since they are following you. The site is currently active and will be going live within the next week but we need your help in revamping the "Red Carpet" (pictures and video page) and "Messaging" (private messaging page). Most of us use mobile apps daily to check our social networks, news, email, stock and so forth. And as of right now we only have the design for the mobile apps completed. Once enough funds are raised will be go on to the next phase with will be the programming and implementation of the iOS and Andriod apps. Once these funds are reached the apps will be completed and made available by the end of 2014 or beginning of 2015. The funds will help us bring to the team web programmers/designers and iOS/Andriod developers. The funds will also help us create a one-of-a-kind gaming section that will change how we all have fun and play with characters. Be a part of the family that will be revolutionizing the way we use social network and online gaming.zimplyU, a new social networking platform, “Innovation” is our advantage! Logo Risks and challenges We are David and our fierce competitions are Goliath, please help us win and disrupt the social networking scene! It’s time for US to take back control of how a social networking website should be all about. Just because we signed up on a social network does not mean that we want to see any advertisements on our homepage. zimplyU will not be following in the paths of its competition but creating its own path. We are innovators plain and simple. The only obstacles that might occur would be in regards to the completion date for our upcoming phases. As long as the funds are raised in time, then our goal time frame will not be delayed. If those funds are not raised within that set time frame the release date will have to be pushed back. Regardless those new phases will be released. These are our times frame for the phases: 1. Updating the Red Carpet section less than 1 month 2. Updating the Messaging section less than 1 month 3. Mobile Apps between 3 to 8 months 4. Games will all depend on complexity so between 4 months to 1 year (this is per game) Learn about accountability on Kickstarter