TO OUR BRIGHT WHITE HEARTSThe coming of age story of Cormac Callaghan, a 28 year old man, who has struggled most of his adult years with the overwhelming sensation that he just isn't ready for life. With Syl, his beloved sweetheart and wife, and his anchor in the storm, away serving in a war overseas, Mac is slowly breaking down with anxiety, but as we follow him into his world, it becomes clear that he is not alone. This film is not about war or politics in the slightest, but rather about heartache, hope, family, and surviving ones own emotions...WRITTEN + DIRECTED AYZ WARAICHPRODUCED JUDD L. TILYARDSHOT ON RED MX + LOMO ANAMORPHICS==== LINKS: TUMBLR + TWITTER + FACEBOOK + AYZ + JUDD + DIMEWORTH====VIEW AYZ'S "THIS PLACE I HURT TO BE" IN HD ON VIMEO, along with a personal note attached. VIEW AYZ'S DEMO REEL====AYZ WARAICH BIO:Always a passionate storyteller, Ayz made his first short film in 2003, entitled "This Moment." He wrote and directed the film, which went on to officially screen at the 2004 SUNDANCE FILM FESTIVAL as part of KEVIN SPACEY'S Triggerstreet Top 10. Ayz's other works include several feature length scripts, in addition to the acclaimed short "White Red Panic" which was widely recognized online as one of the first and best films shot on the HV20. He also wrote and directed the short film "This Place I Hurt to Be" which earned Ayz a place on a recent "Director's to Watch" agency list in November 2010. "To Our Bright White Hearts" will be his feature film debut as a writer-director, and his 4th collaboration with producer JUDD L. TILYARD. ====SO, THE NUTSHELLAGE,To Our Bright White Hearts is a film that was born out of a particularly hard time in his Ayz's personal life. While losing a father to cancer and a marriage that was coming to an end, Ayz came up with the story and character of Cormac Callaghan, a young man suffering from a condition known as.. Life. As Ayz recently put it: "this is a film for anyone that has ever felt fucked up. If you've ever been overwhelmed with your responsibilities, like you weren't functioning the same as other people, or as if you just couldn't get ahead of the things in your life -- then this movie will probably mean a lot to you."To Our Bright White Hearts is a story of trying to find the balance in love, family, and independence, the hope being that the film connects with all of us on a universal level, because who hasn't felt exhausted by their daily life at some point? Ayz wrote the lead role for actor (and friend), Stephen L. Sullivan, whom Ayz had worked with before several times, and connected with on a personal level. The two clearly share a kinship and mutual voice, so much so that Ayz strongly believed that this project could only be made with Stephen as "Cormac Callaghan." The film will be shot on a RED MX with LOMO Anamorphic lenses. The Anamorphics provide a beautiful cinematic aesthetic, including beautiful depth of focus qualities, as well as stunning lens flares. "This Place I Hurt To Be" was shot on this combination, and can be viewed above as well as here. Ayz has been working closely with Cinematographer Kevin Rasmussen to create a look that is reminiscent of the great anamorphically shot films from the past, like Magnolia, Thin Red Line, Cool Hand Luke, and There will be Blood.The film is a deeply personal project for writer-director Ayz Waraich, and dedicated to the memory of his father, and we are putting all of the collective resources of Dimeworth Films into the project. From our time and money, to a substantial amount of gear that we already own. In addition we've been calling on friends (you all know who you are) and favours, all to make this film possible the way Ayz envisioned it. That said we're still facing at least $30,000 in HARD costs that we need just to get the film finished and in the can. Beyond that theres still the hidden costs and of course the marketing costs to get the film into Sundance and other festivals, where it can be seen by the people who will ultimately be able to help us get the film out to as many people as possible.Those costs include: Location fees, Permits, Insurance, Additional gear, Costumes, Production dressings, Catering, Consumables (from gaffer tape and gas, to batteries and make up supplies) printing, photocopying, phone calls, internet Travel and accommodation for people who could afford to donate their time but not all their costs, Music licensing Professional Sound mix Color grade Conform, Online and Master Website Festival Submissions Our $30k goal, allows us to cover the major costs -- things like the hospital and the supermarket, are over $2000 a day, and as our primary locations will take up over half our budget. As well as allowing enough funds to feed people and juggle between things like production design costumes etc. Beyond that any help you guys can provide would be amazing, particularly for insuring the film is finished in a professional post-process, and on-time so we can make our intended Sundance submission. Plus there's enough incentives available to allow people to keep donating beyond our goal. As with any low budget passion project, we'll be doing our best to schedule tightly, and spend wisely, using creativity to solve problems rather then money we dont have.We've put together a pretty awesome range of incentives, (we hope its not too overwhelming) so have a look, and see what incentives are genuinely valuable to you, we're hoping that your donation not only helps us but also means you'll be entertained and educated, receive cool and unique items and / or share in our experiences and insights through the process. We even have some really special one off incentives for anyone that feels passionately and can afford to really help "To Our Bright White Hearts" become a reality.BONUSAdam Clark our good friend and Sound recordist for Bright White Hearts has just offered to include one of his Recordists and a Full Sound kit to the $5000 incentive. PLUS Kevin Rasmussen has also offered his Lighting and Gripping Kit (including HMI, Tungsten and LED flat panel lights, plus C-stands, Floppies, sandbags etc) and potentially his expertise, to the $5000 package, that means one backer we'll receive OVER $5000 worth of gear hire and labour, thats almost everything you'd need to shoot a short film. PLUS the additional incentives AND you can use the notes and interaction already available from Ayz and Dimeworth Films to help develop your film project. Every little bit up to and beyond our goal, will go towards making the film better, as we have a great team all working for free towards a genuinely ambitious goal. We're looking to raise this money quickly (we started this project with 16 days to meet our goal) as we have a narrow window where we could get together all these cool people before they start on major paying productions, so please tell your friends and family, and spread the word as we need all the help we can get. :)And remember, every bit helps. Even a hi or an encouragement is valued. Thank you,- The Bright White Hearts Team =====MEET THE EVER GROWING TEAM + LINKS TO THEIR SITES:starring STEPHEN L. SULLIVAN written + directed AYZ WARAICH produced JUDD L. TILYARD cinematography KEVIN RASMUSSEN composer CASEY "3PM" CLARK co-produced MARTIN WISNIEWSKI + AYZ WARAICH associate producer MIKE HEDGE + GAYLE YE first AD SEAN DOUGLAS editing MIKE AMBS make up VERITY FICTION sound recordist ADAM CLARK photography AMBUR FRASER