Help a College Student Build on an Innovative New Website Donate to help a college student realize the dream of developing a website My Story I am a college student who has been working on a new website for the past two years. As a frequent user of various news and entertainment websites, I have noticed that many websites lack a comment field. It can be very frustrating to find that the websites with interesting content are the ones that are most often impossible to comment on. Another constant of being college student is doing research. The internet is full of information, and it's easy to get lost. In the middle of doing internet research, I will find that I've forgotten which ones I've already viewed, which had content I needed for my paper, and which weren't going to help my research.My website, CyberRemarks (www.cyberremarks.com), allows users to comment on any website. Through the use of add-on extension “apps” that track the websites being viewed by the user, comments are posted on cyberremarks.com and not the one they are currently viewing. The comments can be used to track notes or comments about the article. The Impact: College students spend thousands of hours every semester working through tedious amounts of internet research. Imagine the ease of using cyberremarks.com to track, sort and share valuable research! This aspect in particular is the main focus of our kickstarter campaign. What I Need & What You Get: Funds will be spent on hiring people to improve my website and add additional features to make the website more usable as well as helping with advertising costs. By donating to our project, you are helping current and future college students with their internet research and commentary.Other Ways To Help If you can't donate at this time, please share our story via social media, email and word of mouth to tell your friends about our campaign. Thank you in advance! Risks and challenges Challenges include finding other programmers to help make the website more functional and user friendly. This website is only compatible will Firefox and Chrome. Another challenge will be gaining users who are use a different web browser on a regular basis. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter