Control. Anything. Simply.Have you ever dreamed of controlling everything in your home with a single remote? Well now you can! Smart Remote is a revolutionary product that lets you instantly control any device—TVs, media players, speakers, lights, thermostats and more. Just point at what you want to control and Smart Remote’s screen automatically adapts—like magic. When you point at any device, Smart Remote’s high-definition touchscreen will instantly display an intuitive interface to control that specific device. Welcome to a world you can easily control. This goes way beyond your TV and media players. If you want to control a device that is located near other ones—like a media player below your TV or maybe a light next to your speaker—Smart Remote lets you easily select which one you want to control. Just use the device selection carousel that automatically appears at the top of the remote. You can also control devices located in other areas of your house. For example, you could point at your living room fireplace to control the thermostat in your hallway or point in the direction of your garage door to make sure you remembered to close it. They Love Us The Only Remote You'll Ever Need Smart Remote gives you the ability to control any device via Wi-Fi, Bluetooth or Infrared. It’s compatible with more than 25,000 devices, and we’re adding new devices & services every day. You can check out the complete list of compatible brands in our FAQs. Point & Control Technology We’ve pushed the boundaries of today’s technologies to build the ultimate solution. For the first time in history, we’ve integrated a precise indoor positioning system in a consumer electronic device. This breakthrough technology gives Smart Remote the ability to control tens of thousands of devices in a simple and intuitive way. Our patent-pending technology combines this indoor positioning system with 9-axis motion sensors to track Smart Remote’s exact position and orientation. This enables Smart Remote to know what it’s pointing at in 3D space. Control Your Entire Home Smart Remote users will have several options for controlling all the devices in their home. 1) Control Wi-Fi Devices In Other Rooms Smart Remote gives you the ability to control any Wi-Fi connected device on the same wireless network as Smart Remote, even if those devices are located in areas of your home other than where you installed your room sensors (aka your Smart Zone). All you need to do is set locations in your living room to point and control devices in other rooms. For example, you could set up Smart Remote to point at your fireplace to control the thermostat in your hallway, or you could point in the direction of your entry way or dining room to control the lighting in those rooms from your couch. 2) Install Smart Remote in Multiple Rooms If you’d like to have a Smart Remote in more than one room, you can purchase and install as many Smart Remote kits as you like—living room, bedroom, office, kitchen, man cave, wherever. Each Smart Remote you purchase will only work in one Smart Zone, but fear not, your Smart Remote experience will continue to grow and get better with time. Read on. 3) Install New Smart Zones By the end of 2017, we will provide an option to purchase additional room sensor kits to create new Smart Zones and expand use of the Smart Remotes you already own. We will also release a free software update that lets you use any Smart Remote you own in any Smart Zone in your house, not just the Smart Zone in which it was originally installed. 4) Use Smart Remote in Extended (Non-Smart) Zones We launched Smart Remote on Kickstarter because we need your feedback and support to make this an exceptional product that you’ll enjoy using everyday. After receiving hundreds of comments and suggestions and lots of great input, we’re excited to announce our first community-driven feature—Extended Mode. When you take Smart Remote outside of its Smart Zone and carry it to other areas of your home, Smart Remote will automatically display all your devices and services in a selection carousel. You will be able to select and control any Wi-Fi device on the same network as Smart Remote, any Bluetooth device within range that Smart Remote is connected with, and any infrared device you point at after selecting it in the carousel. Every home environment is unique, so your Smart Zone(s) may actually extend beyond the room or rooms where you installed sensors. Instantly Access Your Favorite Services For the first time ever, you can turn on your TV, dim the lights, control your Thermostat, check Weather and order an Uber in less time than it took you to read this sentence. This is what makes Smart Remote so unique. Just choose a location for every service you want to add—like your front door for Uber or your window for weather—and simply point toward each location to get instant access. Never Lose It Like you, we hate when we lose things. That’s why we’re fighting back against couch cushions, evil gnomes, mischievous children and general absent-mindedness. If there ever comes a time when you can’t find your Smart Remote, just press the lost and found button on the charging base to make it ring. Make It Yours Smart Remote has lots of cool features to make your connected home experience more convenient and enjoyable. Group your lights together Do you want to control all your living room lights at the same time? Or maybe specific groupings of lights? No problem! Just open up the Smart Remote app and create custom light groups. It lets you turn on/off, dim or change the color of multiple lights—all at once. When you point at any light in a group, you can use the selection carousel to either control the entire group or just control the individual light you are pointing at. Create custom scenes Smart Remote gives you the power to set the mood and control multiple devices at once. Want a little romance in the air? Then bring the lights down low and turn on some music with a single tap. Is it movie night? Then choose your movie scene to fire up your TV and media player and adjust all your lights to the color and brightness you prefer. What's In The Box Each Smart Remote kit comes with a Smart Remote, charging base and 3 room sensors. Simple Setup It only takes a couple minutes to get Smart Remote up and running: Download the free Sevenhugs Smart Remote app (iOS or Android) Install sensors in the room where you’d like to use Smart Remote, in line of sight with each other. For best performance, place them at least 7ft (2m) high on different walls and as far apart as possible. Add devices and services using the app and designate a location in your room for each device or service using Smart Remote Enjoy :) The 3 room sensors can cover a room up to 1,000 sqft (100m2) in size and are also paintable. Smart Remote is available for iOS and Android. To Infinity And Beyond With our open API and SDK, the possibilities for developers are endless. Level 1 — Add New Devices (Available June 2017) Reuse existing UI and implement functions to control new connected devices. Our open API/SDK is made in Lua and based in C/C++ and lets you easily add new devices. Developers have access to communication interfaces (Wi-Fi, BT, BLE, IR). A first version has been released here: https://github.com/sevenhugs/smart-remote-sdk Level 2 — Unleash Smart Remote’s Full Power (Available End of 2017) Create new use cases, gestures, screens and menus. Gain access to a detailed specification interface (position and orientation, or specific events identified with the 9-axis accelerometer), and trigger specific actions and services. Design and Specs Rewards Stretch Goals How It All Started We began this journey in 2014 with a mission to connect people and their homes. There are several challenges with today’s smart home products: 1) They are too complicated for people to use 2) Every device comes with it’s own app or remote control 3) Nothing works seamlessly together. We wanted to build a product to solve these challenges and create something so simple that anyone could enjoy a connected home. Designed in collaboration with of the most iconic and decorated French Design studios, eliumstudio, Smart Remote will be the heart of every connected home. Since 2014, we’ve made dozens of drawings, 3D printed prototypes and manufactured prototypes. Smart Remote made its first appearance at Techcrunch Disrupt in 2015, where we gave a live demo on stage using our first prototype in front of hundreds of journalists. A few weeks later, we showed the prototype version 2 at CES in Las Vegas in 2016. Why Kickstarter When you’re trying to build great product, you need the support of a passionate community. That’s exactly why we’re here. Your ideas and feedback are vital to our product development efforts. As we prepare to enter production, we know we can build a world-class physical touchscreen remote. Where we really need your help is understanding all of the ways you want to use it. And when you receive your very own Smart Remote, we’ll be very eager to learn how we can make it better. Let’s build the world’s most amazing home remote together. On Track To Deliver Sevenhugs Family We are Sevenhugs. We are passionate about the connected home, and experts in hardware, software and product design. After years of research and development, we are now ready to start production of Smart Remote. Why the name Sevenhugs? As four co-founders and dads, we make our families a priority in everything we do. We also look forward to hugging our kids at bedtime and sharing that special moment together. At the time we founded the company, we had seven kids between us. That’s how we became Sevenhugs! Follow & Share Our Story Like what you’re seeing? Great! Don’t be shy about sharing Smart Remote with your friends. We’ve made it super easy. Just hit one of the buttons below. The more people who know about Smart Remote, the larger our community will become! And the larger our community becomes, the more we can do together to make Smart Remote absolutely amazing! Please join us! We can’t do this without you. The Fine Print International Backers We're proud to offer shipments to every country in the world. Shipping is free for backers in the US, Hong Kong and several European countries. Please note that you will be responsible for duties, fees and taxes applicable to your region. Estimated Delivery We plan to start shipping Smart Remote starting in June 2017. Each reward tier may have a different estimated shipment month. While we do not expect these dates to change, it is possible that the estimated shipment month may shift. We will keep you up to date on our progress and the expected delivery date of your order. Warranty We stand firmly behind our product and offer a 1 year limited warranty. Need help? We're here for you. If you have questions at any time, during the campaign or after it’s closed, you can always reach us at support@sevenhugs.com. Why Order Now Becoming a backer means that you’ll get exclusive discounts and prices that we’ll never offer again. It also means that you'll be the first to receive and enjoy Smart Remote, months ahead of its availability in retail. Risks and challenges Our founding team is composed of four members with over 60 years of experience in the most competitive electronics market in the world: semiconductors and mobile phones. Simon, Stéphane, Lionel and Olivier have delivered numerous products together on extremely short cycles with leading global partners. We’ve been around the block and we know how to deliver. As with any hardware project, challenges may arise. Unexpected delays related to manufacturing, production or natural disaster sometimes occur. Materials and component shortages can happen as well. But fear not. We are mitigating these risks by working with world-class partners. After months of factory visits and rigorous audits and process testing, we’ve selected an official MFI (Made For iPhone) certified manufacturer that makes many of the products you probably already know and love. We are holding ourselves and our partners to the highest standards because we want to deliver the most amazing remote control this world has ever seen. And that’s exactly what we’re going to do. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter