Hi there!So we've already been working super hard over the past 12 months to bring our awesome unofficial app to market on Android and iOS. Our free app is a pocket guide to the game Vainglory - a Multiplayer Online Battle Arena (MOBA) which features a TON of information about the game including news and competitions. FameGlory Our UsersWe currently have over 34,000 users and this user base is increasing each month by approximately 2000 new users from all over the world! Our app receives a quarter of a million screen views per month! FameGlory on iPhone So why funding now?We've just launched our BETA Results Management System after partnering up with Vaingloryleague - the World's largest competitive gaming league for Vainglory with almost 600 international teams applying!Our BETA system has journeyed through it's proof of concept, and we now need to develop phase 2, and host this on it's own dedicated platform to ensure reliability and improve the user experience. If we fulfil our project goal, we'll be able to move our entire system to a significantly improved and scalable infrastructure and complete Phase 2 of our development work. The amount raised in this project will fund FameGlory for a whole year. Please note - Fameglory is unofficial however we do have full Intellectual Property rights from Super Evil Megacorp (the company that created/owns the game). You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Thanks for reading and considering our project! RegardsPlease, no canvassing on this project. Mat South - Founder FameGlory App Risks and challenges We do anticipate encountering challenges in the project - particularly in relation to migrating our service to the new infrastructure. However we're approaching this as any other project; we have our own in-house PRINCE2 practitioner who has fully planned the project from start to finish. This highlights risks and gives us the necessary tools to mitigate any potential risk. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter