Did you know that there are over 32 million dogs in the U.S. that suffer from some sort of anxiety? For most dogs, their owner is one of the few things that calms them during times of stress, like thunderstorms, fireworks, and separation. But, what happens when you are away or at work? Who or what will help calm your furry friend? The ZENCRATE will also have the ability to send you text messages letting you know when your pet is inside the ZENCRATE! ORTHOPEDIC MEMORY FOAM FOR YOUR PUP The ZENCRATE replaces the unresponsive pads of the traditional dog crate with orthopedic memory foam, washable microfiber cover and waterproof liner, assuring a comfortable resting position every time the dog comes into the crate. ZENCRATE been designed with simplicity in mind. The entire enclosure has been manufactured from a lightweight poplar hardwood. Each panel has been designed to snap or slide together with ease, with the entire process taking less than 5 minutes. Its overall design is sleek and stylish, allowing it to blend into any home. The ZENCRATE only incorporates the safest electronics technology. The device operates from a safe voltage, there are no harmful electrical emissions for your pet, and there is no risk of them being able to harm themselves from the electronics. We’re proud to be made in America! We have put great work into manufacturing in the U.S. and will start our journey in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As a product of the U.S., we can maintain and guarantee the utmost quality. Our love and passion for animals are far too great to entrust offshore facilities to produce this product for our loved ones. We're also hopeful with great success we can help put Americans to work! Proprietary doggy-sensing technology. Fits most dogs up to 90 lbs or Labrador-size dogs. Android/iOS App to control audio and other functions. WiFi connectivity to observe your pet from anywhere in the world. Playlist of calming music individually selected based on anxiety research. Internal 5W speaker with amplifier. Internal fan for cooling your dog. Battery backup system in the event of a power outage. Sound and vibration dampening features. Removable and customizable front door panels. Unit weighs 70 lbs. The patent-pending design features an embedded processor, audio codec and power amplifier, ultrasonic range-finder, USB wireless adapter, 600 mAh rechargeable battery, and additional USB expansion ports for peripherals, such as the HD camera. The PCB design and layout are completed and ready for production. The software detects when your pet enters or exits the ZENCRATE and automatically triggers a playlist of calming music and sounds to help reduce anxiety. Since dogs can’t provide feedback like we do on our music apps, we have developed an algorithm that looks for trends in the dogs' behavior and customizes the playlist just for them. Creating a physical product is enormously expensive, but all things are possible with the help of our awesome Kickstarter community! Raised funds will go toward product development, manufacturing, and production. It's time to purchase expensive tooling and production components, and we will need YOUR help to make it happen! Risks and challenges The challenge of the ZENCRATE design was creating a product that performs great and also provides a simple and user-friendly interface. We were able to leverage our experience in robotics and product design to engineer a solution that met this criteria. The design came down to combining several remedies for dog anxiety into one holistic solution. This included playing calming music for your dog, dampening outside vibrations, using a motion-activated fan, and incorporating a memory foam mattress into the design. We created a simple and user-friendly interface by designing the ZENCRATE to be assembled without a single tool in less than 5 minutes. We created an Android and iOS applications for adjusting the music settings, and added a battery backup so that the user does not need to be concerned about their dog after losing electricity. Even after the project has been successfully funded, we'll continue to operate the tester program in order to receive feedback from our customers and continually improve the design. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter