Benefits of Learning American Sign Language for Hearing ChildrenASL raises communication awareness and abilities. Enhances children's confidence and self-esteem, increases brain functioning (2 sided brain activity) - Visual right brain usage and Cognitive second language left brain usage. Children are better adjusted, read at an earlier age and can create higher IQ levels in children.Objective: Our objective is to build Early Literacy skills and reinforce math, writing and comprehension skills.Approach: Music Time Sign uses a comprehensive approach to building Language and Academic skills. The curriculum parallels what we know about language development and second language learning. We focus on introducing language in context and reinforcing what is learned by engaging the student into various interactive activities that are fun, like "MUSIC"!.Marilyn Daniels (1996, Sign Language Studies) reported how signs helped kindergarten children increase their speaking vocabulary in addition to learning sight words, letters of the alphabet and phonetic sounds. One kindergarten teacher found that "children having problems remembering letters/words or beginning sounds are often able to recall needed information once they saw the sign"In 2000, I began developing Music Time and Sign (MTS) American Sign Language Curriculum using music. This ASL component is part of my daily preschool curriculum. I have developed an approach that is fun. American Sign Language (ASL) hand gestures and facial expressions are fun children love it. My goal is to publish a series "Music Time Sign ASL Curriculum Workbook" using lyrics from Children's Songs and themes. Early Childhood Educators can use this ASL Series in their classrooms and for families to use at home to enhance their children's Early Literacy and Academic Skills. Music Time Sign ASL Curriculum Workbook Description: Emphasis is on grammar, context, vocabulary, fingerspelling, numbers and teaches hand signals to create meaning, which children do naturally on a daily basis. Risks and challenges I have minimized the risk by choosing a publishing company I feel will give me the best service and support. I have been in contact with them to inquire on the pro and cons of self publishing and what they will do to ensure my success in getting my book published in a timely manner and marketed. I will have guidance through the publishing process with my personal publishing consultant and production assistant. There are many elements to pull together to get a self-published book to press or to the ebook market this publishing company can provide this for me. The publishing package offers the greatest profit margin and the most free options of any publisher. All books include standard interior black & white layout, an ISBN number, a price-embedded barcode, and unlimited wholesale printing, fulfillment, and distribution via Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Ingram, Baker & Taylor, Bertram, and others. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter