An ultra fast-paced first-person shooter featuring high-flying freedom of movement, physics-based weaponry, and impactful player choice. Fans of classic games like Tribes will feel right at home, while players new to the genre will experience a challenge that breaks the mold of traditional mass-produced shooters.Haul Serious AssQuit sprinting and start flying. Using your jetpack, you can glide across the ground, fly through the air, and convert your momentum into a deadly airborne assault. Master Your Game Perfect the art of the flying grenade kill, chase down a flag carrier at breakneck speeds, and shave split-seconds off your best cap routes. Midair pushes your abilities and rewards high-skill play. Play Your Way We aren’t here to tell you how to play or what to equip. You have the freedom to choose the armor, weapons, and item combinations needed for each situation. You are the new meta. Midair will feature 3 game types on launch: Capture the Flag (CTF), Arena and Rabbit. Midair will support up to 16v16, and team sizes will be scale based on game mode and map size. Check out additional modes in our stretch goals!Capture the Flag (5v5 to 16v16) This is the Capture the Flag we all know and love: Grab the enemy flag and bring it home before the enemy does the same to you. Build and defend your base and use teamwork to break through enemy defenses. Utilize an array of land and air vehicles on larger maps to gain the upper hand. Arena (4v4 to 10v10)Smaller, close-quarters team battles where the objective is to wipe out the enemy team. Each player has only one life, so use yours wisely. Inventory station use is limited, but there are pick-ups around each map that will help dispatch the enemy. Best of 9, first to 5 rounds wins. RabbitLots of enemies, one flag. Grab the flag to become the rabbit and RUN to get points. Sounds easy? It’s not. Extra style points for mid-air kills. Duel (Stretch Goal) It’s a 1v1 deathmatch where you and an opponent face off to determine who is the superior duelist. Siege (Stretch Goal) 16 players defend a stronghold against the enemy onslaught. Then, they’ll switch sides. Speed’s still the name of the game - The team to get the job done the fastest wins. Jackpot (Stretch Goal) The perfect showcase for freedom of movement! Score by throwing the ball into the enemy team’s goal. Build up a jackpot by making impressive throws to your teammates, and land a slap-shot for even more bonus points. Hunters (Stretch Goal) Dispatch your enemies and collect their mana capsules. Score points by taking them to the nexus and sending them to the orbiting capital ship. But stay alert - Mana tends to have a strange effect on the nexus... Move anywhere...and fast!Gliding allows you to become frictionless and travel further and faster than you could on foot. Use your jetpack to turn that momentum into flight, taking to the skies while you dodge projectiles and reach new heights. Wield a huge arsenal of weaponsBetween the Ring Launcher, Chaingun, Grenade Launcher, and others, you’ll have plenty of ways to bring down your enemy. Physics-based weapons mean you’ll need more than just point-and-click. Get good, do well. Get great, kick ass. Use packs to activate special abilitiesPacks give you new ways to dispatch your enemies, defend your base, and capture the enemy flag. Activate your shields to hold strong against enemy fire. Slip past defenders and maneuver your way to the enemy generator using the cloak pack. Outlast your enemy in the air with energy pack. Or help your base assault by activating a sensor pulse that highlights enemies, deployables and base assets. Vehicle Combat Take to the air with fighters, bombers, and transports to gain air superiority and move troops quickly across rugged terrain. Man powerful land vehicles that can move an expert driver quickly or deliver artillery where it hurts. Make your own classes Light, medium, heavy – whatever floats your boat. Choose between speed, balance, and being beautiful on the inside. Suit up! Utilize an array of useful items Grenades, mines, and much more are available to bolster your defenses or eliminate enemies. Lots of options ensure you play your way.Base Play and DeployablesGenerators, turrets, sensors, inventory stations, and more – the good stuff. Your base assets are a key element of victory; protect your generator, expand your base, and destroy the enemy stronghold. LoreGreetings, Manaborne! Keeping story and multiplayer separate is one of the most sacred, unwritten rules of game design, and we intend to break it. Thousands of players fighting, dying, and respawning in an endless war for an alien world? It’s all part of our story. And so are you. ArtMidair is a modern sci-fi shooter with vivid colors, beautiful texture, and a unique style. Our art direction, character design, and music are intertwined, feeding off of each other to create an imaginative, differentiated FPS backdrop. Original Sound TrackProfessionally scored and perfectly tailored for Midair’s pulse-pounding action. Our composer has been working with the team for months, ensuring that our soundtrack is woven into the fabric of the game. Free to PlayTo avoid stagnation, FPS-Z games require constantly evolving strategies. The evolution of strategies requires a critical mass of players, playing at different skill levels and intermingling to try and test new emerging and dominant playstyles. The more people that play, the more vigorous this process is and, in turn, the healthier the game is. Going Free to Play allows us to grow a large player base, which is essential to creating the environment which will foster this behavior, by lowering the barrier to entry. At the same time, we’re committed to stellar gameplay experience for both veterans and new players alike. So, why should you back a Free to Play game on Kickstarter? Can’t you just wait for release and play it then? Of course. But we believe in offering you the opportunity to shape our game from the ground up. And we believe in rewarding that enthusiasm with cool things like exclusive skins and accessories. As a team of indie developers, we also believe in creating opportunities for aspiring designers and artists to contribute to this project in a meaningful way. Ultimately, backing Midair means that you’re becoming a part of the Archetype Studios community. More than just getting the game out sooner, it also means that our team is making a commitment to you, our loyal fans! Maps & Map Making Great maps are critical to keeping any multiplayer game alive and thriving. We will be working hard to put out as many unique and enjoyable maps as we can, but we also know that the community will ultimately dictate what works and what doesn’t. To facilitate this feedback process,we will be designing a community map-making system that makes it easy for players to build, distribute, and play custom maps. This feature is currently on our roadmap, but can move closer to release as part of our stretch goals. Matchmaking & Dedicated Servers Players will have a choice between two systems for joining a match: matchmaking and a server browser. Using our matchmaking system, play with others near your skill level. With our free-to-play model, we expect to have a large pool of players available for you to be matched with at any given time. By utilizing our server browser, you will be able to create, host, or join a custom game with the settings you want. The choice is yours. Stats & Rankings We love data. We’re building a custom system that goes beyond wins and losses, tracking all of the relevant metrics for each role on the team. Whether it’s Heavy-On-Flag, Light Offense or turret farming, our system gives you all the information you need to truly master your game and prove you’re the best at what you do. Achievements Midair will feature a variety of unlockable achievements that will push veterans and newcomers alike. Feel free to explore different roles and playstyles to unlock specific achievements, or poke around to find hidden feats which border on impossible. We’re here to push boundaries and encourage discovery - so get in there! Game Replays Recording everything that happens in-game is critical for skilled players who want to go over their routes, strategies and tactics. And, it’s important for players who want to create videos. With our purpose-built replay system, you will be able to watch every grab, return, and midair from any angle, without having to run local screen recording software. This allows you to have maximum computer performance during key moments, while capturing your clutch moments in HD for future use. Custom Tailored Networking Modern First-Person Shooters require highly customized netcode and lag compensation to ensure that players around the world can enjoy games without worrying about the effects of packet loss, latency, and server location. We have spent and will continue to spend a great amount of effort to specially design our netcode to achieve this end, enabling all players with under 150ms to have the same, high-quality experience. During pre-alpha testing we have brought in players from a variety of FPS-Z titles across both North America and Europe to ensure we provide a seamless cross-continent experience that trumps all others. Gold Crates These digital packages contain item unlocks for your Midair character, including skins, voice packs, and accessories. Gold packs contain more items and are more likely to have rare items as well. Progression Pass Midair will feature a progression system which unlocks new weapons over the span of many levels. Because we're firmly against "Pay to Win", these weapons aren't stronger, but they do offer you more ways to play. If you're ready to dive right in, this pass unlocks every weapon and item right off the bat. "All In-Game Purchasable Content" Midair will feature cosmetic items and accessories designed by Archetype Studios which can be unlocked with money or by discovering them in packs. When you back at a tier that unlocks "All In-Game Purchasable Content", all of these items are instantly unlocked for you. Additionally, any such Archetype-designed items which are added for purchase in Midair in the future will also be unlocked. Custom Skins / Public Skins Design your own skin which will be included in Midair! Public skins ($1,000+) will also be made available to everyone else playing Midair - this is your chance to spread your unique vision. Note: All skins are subject to final approval by the Midair team, which reserves the right to reject or alter designs before releasing them. We don't anticipate this happening, but this is the Internet! Custom Easter Egg Design a small Easter Egg (hidden feature) which will be included in the game. Note: All Easter Eggs are subject to final approval by the Midair team, which reserves the right to reject or alter designs before releasing them. Custom Voice Pack Design a voice pack which will be included in the game. This includes writing the lines, directing the delivery, and (optionally) recording the sample. Note: All Voice Packs are subject to final approval by the Midair team, which reserves the right to reject or alter designs before releasing them. If you're looking for a little something extra to add to your pledge, be sure to manually add the total dollar amount of your addons to your pledge. (e.g. If you're a Manaborne Backer and want to add a poster, pledge $40) Poster ($20) Now you can look at Midair even when you're not playing! Custom-designed art from the Archetype Studios team, shipped right to your house. OST Remix ($5 each) Now you can listen to Midair even when you're not playing. Two different remixes ("Acoustic" and "audioCrunch") provide new ways to appreciate Midair's original soundtrack. Check out the teasers below to hear examples. Follow Midair on Twitter Like Midair on Facebook Subscribe to Midair on YouTube Follow Midair on Twitch Hey look - Some of the achievements are glowing! If we hit achievements that are glowing blue, we'll also unlock something special! Click here for the high resolution image of Chibi Alpha (to use in your selfies!) Archetype Studios is an independent video game studio headquartered in Seattle, Washington. The studio was formed in June 2014 by a team of passionate gamers from around the globe, with contributors from the United States, Canada, Australia, Finland, Latvia and the UK. We believe successful video game companies are built by passionate gamers who are driven not by short-term gains, but by the creation of unique and truly worthwhile gaming experiences. We will be aiming for a release in Q3/Q4 of 2017 with releases occurring along the following timeline. Midair was put on Steam Greenlight in December of 2015 and was greenlit in under a week. We are incredibly appreciative of the amazing community that has already grown to support us and can’t wait to share the finished product with them. The game is very playable now, but there's a lot of work to be done to get it to the quality level we want for full release. Finance Development & Contract Work (60%) - This is the core of our project; full-time assets to work on the game. Artist, programmers, etc. Kickstarter Costs (15%) - The fees for using the (awesome!) Kickstarter platform and money we have set aside to ship physical backer tier rewards. Infrastructure (12%) - What we need to keep servers, websites, and team tools up and running. Marketing (8%) - Letting the world know about Midair! Licensing (5%) - Developer tool and engine costs. If we exceed our $100,000 target, additional funds will be mostly funneled into development (making the game bigger and better) and marketing (letting even more people know about the game). Kickstarter, Licensing, and Infrastructure costs should stay to scale. Monetization Our goal as a studio is to make a game that you love to play and want to support. Our monetization model will shape our growth as a studio and influence the way that you, as a player, experience our game. Midair will be a Free-to-Play title with two main sources of revenue: Aesthetic modifications that do not impact gameplay A one-time option to bypass a progression system which unlocks gameplay elements (weapons, packs, abilities, deployables) We specifically chose from the very beginning to not create a Pay to Win experience and we’re sticking to it. The content which will be available through the progression system will offer more variety, but not an advantage in gameplay. This is a priority which we are and will work tirelessly to uphold. On launch, Midair will include a $30 option to bypass all player progression and bundled with other goodies and perks. For Kickstarter backers, this same package is discounted to $20 and come with additional Kickstarter-exclusive benefits, such as early access! To learn more, visit our blog for an in-depth post about monetization and progression in Midair: here. Risks and challenges Game development is challenging. Defining “fun” for both new players to the genre and hardened veterans is incredibly complex, requiring a constant cycle of iteration and feedback. In this regard, our team is comprised of individuals that are deeply connected to the FPS-Z community and its competitive scene. We are constantly asking for feedback and suggestions, ensuring we are flexible to make the game we all want to play. This experience, combined with critical evaluation and research of other projects and games, gives us confidence that we can deliver a fantastic experience. In addition to gameplay, multiplayer games face a unique challenge in that they typically need a high active player base to keep matches fresh. We chose the F2P model as it supports a low barrier to entry, allowing players from around the world to play together. This being said, Marketing becomes ever more critical in the F2P model as spend helps drive community activity and growth. As part of our Kickstarter campaign, for every dollar raised over our goal you will not only see a higher portion being spent on development, but on marketing as well. We will do our absolute best to deliver Midair within the timelines presented; however, there is a possibility that things take longer than expected and timelines get pushed. Game design is iterative and we want to ensure you get the best product possible upon release. Changes to features and design may occur, but we want to share the development of Midair with you, our community, and keep you informed every step of the way. We are an independent team of developers from around the world who have been self-funding the development of Midair for the last 2 years, but even with our limited means we have been able to go beyond presenting concept art, having built a playable multiplayer experience in the form of our Pre-Alpha. Our Kickstarter goal of $100,000 is the minimum amount we believe it will take to release Midair within the next 18 months. With your help, we at Archetype will make a fun and exciting experience for both our backers and future players. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter