POP YER CHERRY 4 @ STUDIO 24, EDINBURGH – FRIDAY 25th JULY – SHAKE YER SHOULDERShttps://www.facebook.com/events/714678605259721/Join us in giving opportunity to young musicians and help us in promoting the cultural arts in Edinburgh.All around the world, young creative professionals are seeking their first ever opportunity to prove what they are capable of. We are giving these talented young people the chance. It is exciting, it is fun, but it is also expensive. Below I explain more about what we do, how we do it and how you can get involved. The Pop Yer Cherry party will be happening regardless, but with your contributions, the party could be massive. All donations will go towards furthering the DJ's career and help them progress to a stage where they can attempt to make a living from their passion, and actually further grow and evolve Edinburgh's electronic music scene.BackgroundHi, my name is Jamie Forrester and I’m representing “Shake Yer Shoulders”. We are an alternative music collective based in Edinburgh and have been in operation for over 2 years. We throw club nights that encompass all genres of music and have thrown parties (around 50) in every major club in Edinburgh. We like to think differently and consider ourselves a unique music collective that strives to make every party fun, exciting, memorable and most importantly have banging music with an electric atmosphere. Past Shake Yer Shoulders Party ABOUT This projects sole purpose is to help and give opportunity to young people. There is a great need in Edinburgh for the giving of hope and encouragement to creative young minds. This is an exciting way to get in to a fun and artistic project in a pro active way.The project consists of a feature club night we throw called ‘Pop Yer Cherry’. Pop Yer Cherry was conceived in early 2013 as it became obvious that there is a huge lack of creative initiatives for young people to get involved in. This is our way of helping these young people succeed, as well as contributing to Edinburgh's cultural arts scene.Over the years we have thrown several “Pop Yer Cherry” parties and have successfully launched the careers of over 20 virgin DJs, most of which have flourished and went on to DJ at club nights and festivals all over Scotland and UK. All steps are taken to ensure the young DJs are ready and that the night is a success. Prior to the parties we host educational mixing sessions to give hints, tips and pointers as well as supporting with first times nerves etc. We take extra steps to spread the word and create a buzz around Edinburgh that a new and exciting party is coming to town. The conceptThe main concept of theses parties is to give budding young DJs the opportunity to kick start their DJ career by giving them the chance to play their debut set on a big stage in one of Edinburgh top clubs, in front of hundreds of people. The strength of the Pop Yer Cherry parties is down to bringing people together in a supportive and encouraging environment, resulting in improving the success and confidence of the creative young DJ and hopefully lead them on to bigger and better things in life. WherePop Yer Cherry 4 will be held at Studio 24, Calton Road, Edinburgh. This venue has a history of catering for the alternative and the cultural arts in Edinburgh and therefore has won the love and respect of the people. These are some of the main reasons for choosing Studio 24, as it holds the same beliefs and values as “Shake Yer Shoulders”. STUDIO 24, 24-26 Calton Rd, Edinburgh, City of Edinburgh EH8 8DP The virgin DJs finally get to pop their cherries on Friday 25th July 2014.How you can helpWith your help we can give these young DJs hope and opportunity. We are asking you to help us make the night a success by promoting and sharing for our cause. We seek alternative ways to spread the word that this is more than just a club night, this is your chance to get involved in something big that genuinely helps people. Through your help and participation we can make this a huge night for everyone involved.Why we are raising £500???We are asking for the sum of £500 is to cover some of the costs of running a successful club night. In reality it costs £1000 but feel that asking you to pledge £500 is a huge help to our cause.Costs include:- Venue rental, promotions, posters/flyers, visuals, decor, photographer etc etc. not to mention that the young DJs deserve to get paid as they are the entire reason for doing the project.Here is a short video of a past party Hopefully this has given you enough information to want to contribute to our project and make it as successful as possible. Please help us in any way you can. :)THANKS FOR TAKING THE TIME TO READ THIS!!!GET INVOLVED...SPREAD THE WORD...SHAKE YER SHOULDERS Risks and challenges The risks and challenges are the same when throwing every club night. Bottom line is you need people to attend. We are striving to ensure success through various means. The main way to help is to SHARE. Help us spread the word through all the social platforms. Start telling people about the project to generate a buzz. We are raising money through other means, from mostly friends, family and small business's. We have been throwing parties for 2 years now so have gained a lot of skills and experience needed to make each night a success. Every party is planned in exact detail so that the night gets the best chance of success possible. We feel that we can overcome any obstacle and achieve a memorable party with a sense of community. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter