Reeljuice in the News Meet Reeljuice. With today's busy on-the-go lifestyles, our mobile devices are the essential link to navigating the world around us while staying in contact with all the important people in our lives. Having sufficient portable power is indispensable - simply put - if you lose your power, you quickly lose contact with the world around you. What Makes Reeljuice Unique? Reeljuice™ is the only portable power solution that integrates patented, retractable, cord reel technology. It is created by a combined team of designers and engineers, who have received worldwide acclaim for their innovative products. Reeljuice Features: With an integrated universal charging cable, a removable 10 Watt rapid wall charger, and enough juice to recharge a smartphone up to 6 times, Reeljuice is the real thing! Battery Lifespan: Some competitor’s low cost battery packs use inferior rechargeable batteries to save cost, but they rapidly degrade making them useless after a hundred or so cycles. We are using the world's leading Lithium Ion Battery suppliers out of Japan to power Reeljuice. These batteries are rated to maintain 80% of their original capacity after more than 500 cycles! Battery Pack Options: Specifications: Slim Modular Design: The slim modular design allows users to quickly separate the reel and portable power section from the rapid charger, allowing for lighter travel during daily commutes or short trips. With our new cord reel technology, we were able to include 48 inches of cable into our slim portable power solution. 10 Watt Rapid Charger: Rewards: Design & Development:Our Reeljuice™ design was inspired by the road warriors on our team that have spent years traveling with way too many cords and battery packs. We knew there had to be a better way. After months of gathering critical market feedback, Reeljuice has evolved into the ultimate all-in-one charging solution.\ Lynktec’s partnership with PDT and Telefonix has allowed us to develop new cord reel technology that is created and manufactured by the same company who designs cord reel technology found in over 80% of long-haul aircrafts and integrate it into Reeljuice™. Our combined 50+ years of product development and manufacturing experience will enable us to successfully bring this product to the market. Early Reeljuice Prototype After months of engineering the Reeljuice™ portable power solution, we've worked through the necessary design modifications needed to make it ready for mass production.The final version shown in the video is representative of the products that will roll off our production lines. If we get some good feedback or ideas for a way to improve Reeljuice™ from the Kickstarter community we’ll do our best to incorporate it if time allows.Now we are ready to go - however we need your help to make it to the production line. To produce this product, the next step is to order the very expensive custom tooling required that will be used in the manufacturing process. Your pledge will support covering the cost of tooling and the initial manufacturing run. As soon as we receive the level of funding needed, we will begin the tooling process. Production Timeline:With your help, we plan to start tooling for the Reeljuice 5 after funding in November 2014. After completing testing and production of Reeljuice 5, we will begin to tool for Reeljuice 10.By April 2015, our goal is to begin shipping out our first round of Reeljuice 5 backers. From there, we hope to continue to ramp up production of Reeljuice 10 and have them ready to ship throughout April 2015. We can't wait to get your Reeljuice to you! How Will you Use your Reeljuice? Get your Reeljuice! Risks and challenges Having successfully launched a product on KickStarter before, we are aware that there are always certain risks associated with bringing a new product to market. The most common risks for this type of product are related to the timely sourcing of tooling, components, obtaining certifications, and unplanned production delays. For Reeljuice, we've partnered with a world-class manufacturer that builds products for the top mobile device makers, with a proven record of providing reliable product builds for a variety of brands in the consumer electronics space. We’ve done our best to plan for all of these in our timeline, and with the combined experience of Lynktec, PDT and Telefonix, and our manufacturing partner, we feel we are well positioned to quickly resolve any unforeseen issues or delays. Our entire team is very committed to open and transparent communication with our backers through frequent project updates and we will do our best to respond to every comment or question in a timely manner. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter