Want to help out but don't have any money to spare? Like this Kickstarter on Facebook using the button right above, share it on Twitter using the Tweet button, and share it any way else using this link: http://kck.st/eJhRFA Every bit helps!A bit about Chester!Simply put, Chester is a mashup of all amazing 2d platformers of years long past with a shiny crazy coat of paint and some added depth and re-playability.One of the biggest things that makes Chester stand out is the fact that almost the entire game is painstakingly hand-drawn, scanned in, colored, and then added to the game. This gives the game that nice unique/wtf style that you'll just LOVE. LOOOVE.The OTHER big thing that will make Chester stand out is a little thing I like to call "Styles." As you play the game, you unlock styles that allow you to change the look of every level in the game whenever you feel like it. This way, the same level can look like a hand-drawn game, a series of Blueprints, and 8-bit throwback, an LCD handheld, and more. Each of the styles also has slightly different versions that are used as you progress through the game. For example, later in the game if you use the Bit-style everything will be a somehow familiar shade of handheld green. You can even switch styles mid-level without ANY loading. Through the current styles and the variants of the styles, each level can look one of eighteen different ways! (Oh gosh!)The 8Bit Style turns to a familiar shade of green later on!Another thing you'll be able to switch mid-level without any loading is characters! There will be over 10 unique unlockable characters in the game; each you can level up to unlock more powerful special attacks. Some of the characters will control completely different as well, for instance: one is a spaceship.Also if you're worried that the game looks too hard from the trailer, don't be. There are multiple difficulties, and on the easiest it'll be almost hard to die. The hardest may cause you to rip out your hair/scalp.For more info on the game head over to http://bbg-games.com. What I need your money for!Lots of things! You wouldn't believe the amount of things that go into creating a game!-Art supplies! Sketchbooks, art pens, shading markers, pencils, etc. add up quickly! Especially when you're hand drawing pretty much everything in an entire game. -A tablet! While most things are hand-drawn I do do quite a bit of shading on the PC as well. The tablet I have currently is a cheapo $60 one that no longer responds to the pen half of the time. Sweet.-Music! While I love the music currently in the game, it is all public domain. I would love to have the funds to get some more original music into the game.-Software! While I already have most of the software that I need there are a few things that would make finishing up development much easier. Expensive things. Also, if the funds go past the 100% mark the extra will most likely go into getting retail copies of 3DS Max and Mudbox for the possibility of having a pre-rendered 3D Style added to the game.Look at that box! That is one SEXY box.The poster designs! First three amazing designs by Steven K!The music used in the video is "Rocket" by Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com) Licensed under Creative Commons "Attribution 3.0" http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/