Hi everyone, All I ask is that you please listen to the first 2 songs through :) & turn it up! http://soundcloud.com/all2thege Thanks everyone for visiting my page, you must be here because you love trance just as much as I do. I love creating them, but unfortunately studio time is very expensive. Not only just that, but I've got to find and hire a great vocalist to sing on my songs as well. Any kind of help will be greatly appreciated & remembered. It'll make me very proud to say you were a part of my success. I tried to make all donations fair, but if you're short on cash then just email me and I'll send you the demos for free. So check out my tunes and see if it's the type of music you would want to support. I dare not sing my songs because I have a horrible voice. I only voiced bits and pieces here and there so you have an idea of how the song goes. The bells are in place of the vocals, and it's actually kinda fun to try and throw some of your own lyrics in there. The beauty of writing music is letting the music tell you what it's saying. And please keep in mind that these are still demo versions. All songs listed are copyrighted and already have lyrics for them. I have a total of 7 songs, (still working on more) I've only listed 4 of my hard hitters. If you like these, then you'll like the rest of my tracks. And if you know someone that is a great writter or singer, don't be shy to contact me. I'm all about collaberating, you can reach me here or my email below. Please remember that everything that goes above my goal of 5000 dollars will be put back into the music: studio time, finding a great singer, promotions, art work, etc. I will send out the songs as I finish remastering each one, so you won't have to wait for all the songs to be finished. Thank you everyone and I hope for the best! Gallon http://soundcloud.com/all2thege Gallon636@hotmail.com Here are the lyrics to "Until Forever" I believe it's the easiest song out of the four to follow: “Until Forever” Verse 1 Take me away To a place where I’d wanna stay I’d love to see the distance face to face When we are there We can take all these paper air planes And watch them fly into the skies embrace Bridge It’s like dancing on a skyline full of colors Like falling in the arms of your true lover We can shoot across the sky and navigate our dream alive Just take my hand together we can fly Chorus So when I’m starring back at you Thinking “Are these feelings true?” Never will I have a doubt I can let my feelings out And when your heart wants to believe You can always count me to see you free Hand and hand until forever We can hold all of our treasures in the sky Verse 2 Turn off the lights Feel the magic all around you The moon’s so bright, the air is filled with laughter Rise up and sing Let your heart soar a little higher Spread out your wings, so we can fly together Bridge It’s like watching all the fireworks beneath us Like going somewhere no one here can reach us We can shoot across the sky and navigate our dream alive Just take my hand together we can fly Chorus So when I’m starring back at you Thinking “Are these feelings true?” Never will I have a doubt I can let my feelings out And when your heart wants to believe You can always count me to set you free Hand and hand until forever We can hold all of our treasures in the sky Middle Eight Come, closer to me baby Come, closer to me baby Come, closer to me baby I want you to know Chorus That when I’m starring back at you Thinking “Are these feelings true?” Never will I have a doubt I can let my feelings out And when your heart wants to believe You can always count me to set you free Hand and hand until forever We can hold all of our treasures in the sky Vocals: Still Searching Lyrics Written By: Karyn Squires & Ge Vue Music and Melodies By: Ge Vue Arrangements By: Ge Vue Lyrics may not be reprinted without permission Copyright © 2012