I want to start out by saying that I am not a professional photographer, nor am I a professional videographer. I am a lover of travel, history and drone videography. I have lots of experience with photography and drone videography. My goal is to capture a unique view of every California city. California is so diverse and beautiful. It's an obvious choice for the first (of 50 hopefully) installments of my travel guide. The reason I chose drone videography as my medium is because it offers perspectives that humans can't get anywhere else. You'll be able to see these cities from the air, over water and at eye level. Strolling down main street with a first person view is something amazing to see. And for those who are unable to travel to these cities, it will give them the feeling of actually having been there. For those who can travel, hopefully it makes you travel somewhere you would have never gone to before. My goal is to complete the travel guide by January 1st, 2017. In order to do so I'll be soliciting the assistance of outside editors. I'll also be purchasing a DJI Osmo for videography of areas I can't fly my Phantom 4. Luckily, for my budget, I already own my drone, so no expenses should be spent there unless I find a need for more batteries or have a critical failure that results in a loss of the drone. Let me assure you, the funds you contribute will go to the project and getting the project done on time. Thank you for your time and I hope we can make this project a reality, together! Risks and challenges #1 risk is failure or loss of equipment. This will not keep us from completing the project. #2 is the amount of time it will take to physically complete principal filming and post production. I will be filming the entire project myself so there is a consistent feeling. Editing will be subcontracted to speed up the post production. #3 is my physical time to do the project. Luckily I have 3-4 days a week to produce this project. I work as a Paramedic and have lots of time off. Post production will start immediately after principal photography is concluded for each city. This will reduce the turn around time and help us deliver on time. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter