Welcome to the People's Parliament! The idea is to initially create a virtual version of the House of Commons where users can select the candidates they want to be Prime Minister, the 21 cabinet ministers and an MP for their local area from a pool of candidates. The candidates could be anyone, so long as they meet the legal requirements for holding elected office in the UK and have a verifiable social media account (e.g. Facebook or Google); and to be added to the pool they need five separate nominations from users. The results of user selections will be aggregated on a rolling basis with the most popular candidates for each position appearing in the virtual parliament. The candidate pool will be pre-filled with all of the representatives from all the UK political parties who are running for office in the May general elections, as well as a selection of celebrities/public figures who we think might be fun to throw into the mix. Naturally we will only be using the information about them that is publicly available to avoid legal issues, but we hope that they will connect with the site using their social media profiles. The next stage of the site's development will then be to integrate various other features such as surveys and opinion polls, group pages, forums for discussing important issues in society as well as a 'think tank' for proposing and promoting solutions to them. We need the £25,000 for the initial costs of web development and marketing of the site, and the sooner we launch the better as we'll need to capitalise on the publicity around the elections in May. We will have ads on the site to pay for the running of the site and to pay for future web development. The feedback we've received so far has been overwhelmingly positive and any donations that you can make will be hugely appreciated. Thanks for reading. Risks and challenges The main risk to the site is the potential for lack of popularity; if nobody uses it, we can't make money with ads and it'll eventually fall into obscurity. The two factors that could lead to this would be poor functionality of the site and/or failure of the marketing strategy. To combat these I intend to ensure that the site is as user-freindly as possible, and it ought to be fairly straight-forward at least in the initial stage of the virtual parliament. But the main concern is the marketing strategy and on this point I intend to leave no stone unturned; we'll maximise our presence on social media as well as spending money on internet advertising as and when we need to, I intend to try and court as much conventional media attention as possible, and also try to maximise it's impact with university's, as I think something like this could be of interest to people studying how society and political systems work. The other, less significant, but still important problem with the site is the name - Politics Live just doesn't have that good a ring to it - for this reason if anyone has a suggestion for a better one I'd love to hear it. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter