Be at peace with yourself, and your circumstances will change. Imagine your Dreams No one tells you how to go about Internet Dating. There's plenty of sites out there that make you feel as though it's easy. They have you fill out some information about yourself (true or not)... and then you wait... for mail. It's a very addicting format, It boosted my confidence by reading the emails but how legit is it? I found out once I started meeting people. Some sites charge while others don't. I would like to start a website for people who are involved with online dating, whether you are just starting out or you're a little more experienced than most. With stories from my experiences and others around the world, we can all learn from each other. I hope to inform you of some of the craziest meetings and indulge you with others experiences. This is a very private world and much has to be said about the people out there (like me) that are on these sites. If there was a place you could go to understand more about this bazaar internet dating game, would'nt it totally fascinate you! I have been in the customer service field for the majority of my life, and I have so many girlfriends who come to me for advice for dating.Quite a few people want online dating to meet someone because they don't have the time. Some people are just plain lonely and need an outlet, as others just want to meet a cougar or older man because it's there fantasy or there looking for money. The possibilities are endless but we need to get the information out there! Then there are the ones that really want to find there soul mate. Much like Face book it will be free! Risks and challenges I would like to interview more people, men and women. This will take some time.I know that setting up the website and getting the kinks out will take a few months. I have talked to a web site designer to get a idea of costs. I feel I am, a very enthusiastic person and people talk to me very easily. I don't have all the answers but, always open to a better way of doing things. Helping people has been a true heart beat for me, and there are so many people out there that need this information. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter