In Blood Star, you play as a clone soldier created by the "Blast Corporation." Blast Corporation is a multinational, intergalactic, power hungry company that feeds off of the resources of the universe to turn huge profits! Of these resources, Blast Corporation primarily seeks out the legendary "Blood Fragments". These gems are not only beautiful but are strong sources of energy (and taste delicious topped with a touch of whipped cream!) You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Game intro Blood Star mixes classic “danmaku” shooting gameplay, through its barrage of enemy bullets, with action role playing gameplay that provides deep player customization and RPG mechanics. One of the several dash attacks One of the several Special Charge AttacksBlood Star uses a fast paced “Chain” combo system. After killing an enemy, a short countdown starts. Whenever the player kills an enemy before the countdown runs out, it is reset and the player receives extra points. These points are turned into “Blood Fragments” which can be used to level up the player, upgrade weapons, and buy items. Enemies will drop “Bazookas”, “Power Ups” and other items when they are defeated. The player can equip a Bazooka to the LT and RT buttons. Every Bazooka has unique abilities and can be customized using the aforementioned Power Ups. Power Ups add additional abilities such as increased damage, attack drones, bullet patterns and much more! Weapon menu Hero menu Every so often you will unlock equipment which will boost your stats and add additional abilities such as increased run speed, longer chain timer, and more. Additionally, the player can use a dash move using the RB button. This move will stun enemies and deflect enemy bullets back at them if timed right. By pressing the LB button, the player can use a powerful “Discharge” attack. These discharge attacks can also be found and equipped by defeating enemies.By combining these abilities you will soon become the most powerful clone in the entire galaxy and harness the power of the Blood Star! -Beautiful hand painted art!-Unique, explorable planets!-Tons of quests!-Funny and intriguing story!-Alternate endings!-4 player local and online multiplayer!-Monster-shooting, bazooka action!-Insane amount of weapons, power ups, equipment, destructible environments, monsters, bosses, and more!-French baguette guns!-and Minigames! You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Francois von Orelli: Creator & Designer "I just want to make a ****ing good game!"Gregoire LAPORTE : DeveloperGregoire is a talented developer with lots of experience working on different types of games. He loves programming and debugging until the gameplay is perfect.Alasdair Pavlitski : Sound DesignerAlasdair Pavlitski "Alie Pav" is the composer and sound engineer for the game. You can listen to his work on Soundcloud:https://soundcloud.com/aliepav http://bloodstargame.com/ Risks and challenges Why we need funding: Funding will allow us to work full-time on the game and complete the project. It will also mean we can afford to buy development kits necessary for continuing development of console versions of the game: PS4 / Xbox / Wii U etc. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter