A Video Letter to Betty White Update: We have reached out to Betty White's AgencyThat's right. We spoke with Ms. White's agency, The Agency for the Performing Arts. They told us to send over the script. This doesn't necessarily mean that Ms. White will accept a role in the film, it just means there's a possibility. Just remember, we need your help to better that chance. #GetBettyWhite Also, Ms. White is very much alive. She'll outlive us all. A Note To RememberWhen pledging, no money will be taken out of your account right now. The money will only be withdrawn if we meet our goal. So, whether it’s $1, $10, $100, or $1000, pledging is just that right now. Your card will not be charged until the end of the campaign. And, if by chance we don’t reach our goal, your car will never be charged.So, click that big green button on the right, and get to pledging.Follow us on Twitter @DeadWeekMovie Who are you and why are you talking to me? I'm Wyndll Robertson, Writer/Director/Actor/Amateur Gardener. Storytelling, which comes naturally to all of us, is what I do best. And, I have chosen to tell my stories through the magic that is film. On a side note, I just found out that plants need water to live.I've made a few shorts, some of which have been accepted into film festivals and even won awards, which was a fantastic experience that I will never forget. However, I think as a storyteller you have this insatiable drive to share the largest possible stories with the largest possible audience. It’s a drive that, for better or worse, really gives you no other choice and is quite maddening if you're not pursuing it. I guess that’s where the phrase, “Tortured Artist,” comes from. To that end, I’m now setting my sights on my first feature length film. And, what do I need to make that happen? Money. Welcome to capitalism. My first course of action was to send out letters asking a few people to invest in my film. I have yet to hear back from Bill Gates, Mark Cuban, Steven Spielberg, or Bill Cosby, and I believe Oprah has a restraining order against me. So, here I am on Kickstarter. Kickstarter is an absolutely amazing venue for creators to pitch their ideas to a much larger audience than what they would traditionally have access to. It’s a collaborative effort in which the process is not kept behind closed doors, but freely and openly shared. It’s an opportunity for many people to participate in the creation of something from the ground up should that something be deemed worthy. And, that’s why I’m really here. So, what’s your story? I grew up in an inner-city neighborhood on the southeast side of… wait. I think I’m supposed to be talking about the story of the movie. Okay. “Dead Week” is the story of a hardworking, but stressed graduate student. He wants nothing more in the world than to get his degree and go on to have a successful career in his chosen field. Like millions of college students around the U.S., he finds that going to school and working can be a difficult balancing act. Often times, one can interfere with the other. Especially, when your job involves contract killings. So, when he misses a critical final exam, because of a contract he has to carry out, he finds himself in jeopardy of not graduating. After a desperate plea, his professor schedules a special makeup exam the next week. Then he gets summoned by his boss, Doc, who’s none too pleased by his recent work. Fortunately, she gives him another contract to make up for the one he rushed. Which is great for him, except that the target happens to be his professor. At this point he has two choices, kill the professor who is his only chance to graduate, or renege on the contract and go up against his boss and her organization of killers. The script, lovingly crafted by me, is finished and ready to be brought to life. Cinematography: The cinematographer for Dead Week will be Dallas-Fort Worth’s very own, Noe Medrano Jr. Having gone to film school together, Noe and I have worked with each other on a number of films. The reason I choose to work with Noe on my films is because of his talent and creativity (check out his work): More of Noe's Work A cinematographer needs to have a keen eye, even more so than a director at times. They need to have a sense of composition, lighting, color, and a ton of other things in order to "get the shot". Noe has these things in spades. The most important thing that you must have in a relationship between a director and a cinematographer is the same for any relationship… trust. The director must trust the cinematographer with their vision and the cinematographer must trust in the director’s vision. I can say that in working with Noe, I most definitely trust him with my vision. And, it is his job as a cinematographer to bring that vision to life, no matter how insane it is. Storyboards: What are storyboards? Storyboards are a map of a movie’s various scenes which are drawn by an artist. They help the director convey, to the rest of the crew, what certain shots and sequences in a film are supposed to look like. I grew up with one of Dallas’ premiere storyboard artist and having him work on Dead Week is an honor. Roderick Douglas, or Rod to those that know him, has worked professionally in the industry for over 10 years. He is currently with ReelFX, an animation house in Dallas. These talented people just finished work on their most recent film, Day of the Dead, which opens October 17th. Go see it! Other than Day of the Dead, Rod has worked on a number of films and television shows including, Jimmy Neutron, Open Season 2 and 3, and The Ant Bully. He was kind enough to draw a mock up of the movie's villain, Doc and will be drawing other characters, too. He has been thrown into our film slave pits and there he will toil away rendering my vision shot by shot for eternity. Or, until he punches me in the face and quits. Whichever comes first. Anyway, glad to have him onboard. Thanks, Rod. Here's his IMDB: Rod Douglas No, your eyes do not deceive you. You read that correctly. As a director, part of my job is to envision the characters, and the actors and actresses I would like to play those characters, in my films. When I was writing the part of the movie's villain, Betty White just popped into my head and that is where she has been ever since. Is that creepy? Anyway, Ms. White has been in a plethora of roles, but I dare say she has never played a contract killer, which I would love to see her do. And, if you think about it for a second... so would you.To that end, we are folding what would normally be a stretch goal into our initial campaign. Stretch goals are usually reserved for when a campaign has neared or surpassed its initial goal. But, I have faith that our kindly backers will not only help us exceed our original goal, but get us the funds we would need to cast someone of Ms. White’s caliber. Because, she ain't gonna be cheap. So, let’s get the word out and help us #GetBettyWhite. And, if anyone knows Ms. White’s number, could you give her a call for me? Thanks. Cast: On most Kickstarter narrative film projects, people list all of the well-known actors and actresses that are attached to their project. Well, how about, Idris Elba, Peter Dinklage, Michael B. Jordan, Rishi Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, Zoe Saldana, Deborah Ann Woll, and Gugu Mbatha Raw? This is a short list of wonderfully talented people... who are not attached to this film. But, you do have me. Which is a great selling point to you all, I know.But, maybe you’re asking, doesn’t having named talent attached to your film better the odds that people will back your project? Sure it does. But, the way actors become attached to a project varies. Sometimes you can just hand an actor a script and they go, “Yep. I want to do this movie.” Other times a script is written and sold and a movie greenlit with no actors attached at all. That means the financing has to be in place before the talent commits to the project. This goes for smaller budget independent films and even bigger budget Hollywood films. This is the route we have elected to take, as we would have a bit more leeway in wooing specific talent with our financing already in place. What that means is, should we reach, ahem… exceed our goal, I assure you we will be getting some great talent to work on this film… aside from Betty White, of course. Crew: I would be remiss if I did not mention the bevy of awesomely talented television and film professionals that work in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex, as well as the Austin area. These are experienced crew members who have worked on everything from commercials, network television shows like, Dallas, Walker Texas Rangers, Prison Break, The Good Guys, The Crazy Ones, Revolution, and many more in addition to having lent their talents to numerous movies filmed in Texas. Again, these folks are professionals with whom I have great relationships, and they will play key roles in the realization of this film.Wrapping Up:Let me finish up, because the orchestra just started playing music. There are many things that make a good director, but two that I believe stand above all else. First, throughout the video and what’s been written here, you may have noticed that I consistently use the words “our,” “us,” and “we,” as it pertains to Dead Week. As a director, I have come to understand that filmmaking is not a solo endeavor. Every person that works on a film is hugely important to that film’s success. That is why you must surround yourself with the best people. This is how great films are made. Because, it is the actors, the cinematographer, assistant directors, script supervisor, art director, costumers, makeup artists, producers and a host of others that make a director’s vision a reality. Your contributions to this film will help bring aboard some fantastically talented folks and in turn will help us make the best movie we can.Which brings me to the second thing… The Audience. The greatest film in the history of ever is nothing if no one is there to watch and enjoy it. Every movie, no matter how big or small, great or not so great, needs an audience. That’s you. So, support us however you can, whether that’s pledging ten dollars or a thousand dollars, or simply spreading the word via Facebook, Twitter, radio, television, skywriting, telegraph, smoke signals, or whatever. So, click that big green button at the top right of the page, and get to pledging. Thanks in advance for your support. We love you. Here’s a mock t-shirt Doc T-Shirt Mockup Risks and challenges Will there be risks in making this film? Of course. Alien invasions, nuclear war, someone violating their parole, these are all possible risks facing our production. Risks are inherent in many decisions we make on a daily basis. But, most of us don’t just resolve to do nothing because something is risky. We assume, and we accept, the risks and understand that there is not much worth having in life that you would not risk something for. Filmmaking is no different. I’m not overly concerned with the risks of making a film. Not because I’m arrogant, but because of the people around me. A great cast and crew and a supportive audience goes a long way to mitigating any risks that arise. Likewise, challenges are also part of life, and by extension making movies. They are something to be embraced not feared. Every challenge we face drives us to be better people. Challenges drive me to be a better filmmaker and I welcome them. A feature film is a challenge for a seasoned director, and even more so for someone who is directing their first feature. And, with an independent film, there is distribution to think of and whether to enter into any film festivals, which we are considering (we are looking at Tribeca, Toronto International, and may try to squeeze into South by Southwest) among other things. Another challenge, I think one of the main ones for any director, is getting the people working with you to see the film as you see it in your head. Again, bringing the right people onto the project and proper preparation goes a long way in overcoming these particular challenges, or any others for that matter. I would be lying if I said everything is going to go according to plan. But, I have faith that most will and for whatever doesn’t, we will be prepared. So, hit that big green button and let’s start making a movie. Follow us on Twitter: @DeadWeekMovie • For those of you visiting our set, we anticipate shooting in February in the Dallas area. But, as with anything this could possibly change. We will keep you updated • If you are cast as an extra or a day player, you must be a U.S. citizen or have a U.S. work visa, and cannot be a member of SAG/AFTRA. Actors and extras must be at least 18, or accompanied by a parent or legal guardian. • You must be 18 or older, or accompanied by a parent or legal guardian (who will count as your guest), to attend the premiere or visit the set. • Some rewards may require additional paperwork such as a signed release for any role in the film. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter