I was sponsored by Cannabis Sativa, Inc, and Green Chiefs, LLC to spend the last 5 months meeting everyone in the Washington Marijuana Industry. My goal was simple: find out the problems of the industry and come up with a solution for them. I was lucky enough to apprentice with Stesha Ries at one of the most successful producer-processors in Washington. With Stesha, I learned so much and I am very grateful to her for her guidance and tutelage.I have visited farms, processors, stores, organizational meetings, city council members, mayors, economic development specialists, the Department of Revenue, banking advisors, senators and many more to learn where this industry is at and what kind of tools would be useful to us. I have packaged products and made deliveries. I wanted to know what you have experienced. Let me share some empathy with three words; lord help biotrack!The common issue I came up against is a lack of ability to communicate during a rapidly changing market. Legislation, to new products, zoning issues, marketing, tax, news and resources are among the many needs that each of you need access to daily.Cannabis Connection was created with this in mind. It is a social media platform with profile, voting areas, a news feed and the ability to reach the top business in our industry. One example of this is product reviews; with all the new products flooding the market, wouldn't you like to be able to see how other business owners in the Marijuana industry have reacted to a product? As a profile holder, you will be able to choose who you do and do not interact with. This platform will require a login and will not be available to the public for interaction. There are 600 pledges available at $300 each. The idea behind this was to start with a small, strong, central group so that the platform will be successful and have quality content. We also want this to be something YOU want. Expansion will be available to you to vote on when the platform is up and running. By pledging $300 today, Kickstarter will not take the funds from your account. Only when all 600 members are on board will the Kickstarter fund. So there is no risk to you; if we all say yes, it funds. If I don't get 600 pledges, the project will fail and you will not lose money.I have safeguarded this Kickstarter from duplicate pledges by issuing a password; this is what brought you here today. It will be changed every few days to ensure the qualitative nature of the pledges. Here is the breakdown of the 600 available pledge spots: 100- 502 Retail Stores 100- 502 Producer 50- 502 Processors 100- Top selling ancillary businesses; qualified by time in business and sales numbers. 50- Public Officials: Mayors, Economic Development, Zoning, Senators, House of Representatives, Governer's Office, Liquor Control Board, Department of Revenue, Police and Fire (among others) 50- Marijuana Industry Organizations (Like CCSE, MJBA, WMA, R5, ect) 50- Marijuana Industry support professionals (lawyers, accountants, web design, marketing; those already working with marijuana businesses). 100- Medical Dispensaries (yes, I know you guys don't like each other, but lets see if we can work together here). Remember, your pledge is a vote for this idea. Funds will not come out of your account until everyone is on board. Your pledge simply says, if everyone else is on board, I am too. This project will not compete with any organizations. Membership dues will be capped at $100 per month, once the platform is fully functioning. No one else is doing a social media platform like this. We want this to be a tool for your business or organization to be stronger, not weaker.Our full business plan is available upon request. We can't wait for this project to be up and running together. Washington State is having a rough go of it in this industry and I would like to help everyone's life easier. We can work together on this and be the exemplary market for the rest of the country.Our group wants to complete this project for our industry and then move into funding research for Marijuana. All of us here are passionate about this. We hope this project is no the last time we here from you. Continued communication and feedback is welcomed. Let us know what you need and share it with the community on our platform.On a final note, the funding completion date for this project is April 20, 2015. What better date could I have possibly picked?My sincerest gratitude to you for your time, energy, and participation,Crystal Newton Risks and challenges A lot of you are hesitant at pledging for fear of losing your pledge money. Let me reiterate that no money will be collected unless every member of the 600 pledge. So there are two possible scenarios: the first is that we don't get the 600 and then project fails and you don't lose any money (it won't be taken from your account), The second scenario is that the project is successful; you spend $300 to improve our industry and get to be a part of a strong, organized, connected and useful platforms in America. In addition, your welcome packet will come with all the benefits I talked to you about including three months of membership. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter