Ireland from a Kite Hi and welcome to my KickStarter book project to design and print a truly unique hardback photographic book that showcases Ireland like never before. An intimate aerial view that has been six years in the making with hundreds of locations photographed over many thousands of miles, it's Ireland from a Kite. I would love you to support my project. My name is Ciarán May and I'm a photographer from Co Fermanagh, Ireland that likes to do things a little bit differently. Let me tell you a little bit more about who I am and what i do. Kite flying at the Cliffs of Moher I discovered Kite Aerial Photography over 6 years ago, the means of lifting a camera aloft by the power of the wind. The history of photography from a Kite goes back to the 1880's which is nearly as old as the camera itself and I am but a humble practitioner of that art.I spent the first year experimenting and learning my craft, namely breaking Kites and the odd camera along the way. That was OK though as I learnt a lot. Over the course of the following five years my enthusiasm and skills have grown for this truly unique style of photography and i now stand with my back to the wind. IKEA loved my photography and the whole green concept Over those five years I've travelled the highways and byways of Ireland with my Kite and camera, photographing iconic Irish landscapes as well as those that are less well known. My journey has taken me from Malin Head in Donegal to our most southerly parts of Co Cork. From Achill island way out west to the centre of our capital, Dublin. This body of photographic images represents thousands of hours of work. The whole idea of capturing images of Ireland in such a unique and passive way has opened up many doors and opportunities for me. Many people have shared my passion for what I do and in so I have gained a lot of recognition both nationally and internationally. My work and how I achieve it has been featured by among others, RTE television & radio, BBC World Service and BBC Radio Ulster and Radio Foyle. National and local newspapers have also been keen to promote my work, I've had wonderful articles in the Daily Mirror, News Letter and Belfast Telegraph as well as many other regional newspapers.My photography has been exhibited in some amazing places in Ireland such as Dublin, IKEA Belfast, Derry and Carrick-on-Shannon among others. Achillhenge, Achill Island Co Mayo As exciting as all this has been my main passion is being out there in the Irish landscape capturing its amazing beauty. Then turning those fleeting moments into beautiful printed images, it's a very humbling experience. Five years later and I feel I am ready to share its beauty with you. St John's Point Lighthouse Co Down I've photographed Ireland's ancient landscapes and stunning seascapes in over 100 photographs and every time you open this book you will be there.Among the themes in the book you will be taken on a wonderful photographic journey along the length of the Wild Atlantic Way, the spectacular Causeway Coast and did I mention, I just love Ireland's lighthouses! There are stone circles and castles, Churches and round towers they will take you on a journey through ancient Irish history, Christianity and right up to modern times. The book will also capture the essence of Ireland in some very ordinary everyday scenes like you've never seen before. Irish cows walking on water Ireland from a Kite will represent a first in Irish photography and I really hope you can support my project and make it happen.Thank you for getting this far, please stick with it we're almost there!The book and what the money is being used for. Printing 1,000 copies of a 164 page 12x10 inch (305x255mm) hardback coffee table book that will be designed and printed right here in Ireland. The book will contain over 100 of my unique images in all their glory. It's not the cheapest option but it's the only option for me. It would feel all wrong if this book was to be outsourced beyond Ireland when we have so many talented people and businesses here who can make this book a quality and uniquely Irish product. The project target that is required to make this book a reality is the minimum that is required for the design, printing and binding of the book. Other money raised through your pledges go toward the shipping/postage and packing. Kickstarter take a small fee for providing this wonderful platform to get my project out to you. All non book rewards are funded by myself.Please remember that if we don't raise the whole money required then the project receives none of the money, it's an all or nothing situation. What your pledge will do is to make my dream come true, hopefully a dream that we can all love and feel part of.I rest my hat at your table,Here's a few links to my website social media, you can join in on my adventures there....http://www.birdseyekite.com/https://www.facebook.com/birdseyekitephotographyhttps://twitter.com/birdseyekitehttps://plus.google.com/+Ciar%C3%A1nMay Ciarán May Kite Selfie CiaránRewards:1. Book cover postcard An Grianán postcard 2. Selection of 10 postcards + reward 1 Just some of the postcards from the collection of 10 3 & 4. It's the book Ireland from a Kite 5. The book plus an 8x6 mounted image of your choice book and mounted image 6. It's two books two copies of the book 7. A book, set of postcards and an 18'x12' signed print of your choice Book, postcards and 18'x12' signed print of your choice 8. Two books personalized and signed and a signed 40x30 inch print of your choice. two books personalized and signed plus a 40'x30' print of your choice 9. Three books personalized and signed and a 40'x30' signed print of your choice. you will also be acknowledged in the book as a backer(if you wish). 3x book signed and personalized, a 40'x30' signed print and your name in the book as a backer 10. Four personalized and signed books, two 40'x30' signed prints of your choice and named in the book as a major backer(if you wish). Four personalized and signed book, two signed 40'x30' prints and named in the book as a major backer 11. Well, that's something special altogether, I'd love to hear what you'd like Risks and challenges This project is ready for design, printing and binding followed by fulfillment. A huge problem is choosing from the many hundreds of wonderful images i have, guess we'll get there on that one. I've chosen a designer with a great track record. Likewise the printers and binders I've chosen have a brilliant record of delivering quality products, on time and on budget. That all said unforeseen problems can arise. This is one of the reasons I've chosen to work with these guys. The designer is based in Co Monaghan and the printers and binders are based in Co Longford. Both locations are within an hour of where I live. Problems can only be resolved when there's a clear understanding of the problem. I'm a great believer in doing this face to face and I will have ample access to all parties concerned. Fulfillment has been fully costed with the use of national postal services in Ireland. During the lifespan of this project it will receive my undivided personal attention. That's what dreams make you do! Ciarán May Learn about accountability on Kickstarter