We are raising money to finance the filming and additional casting of our film. The script is 120+ pages and we need to raise money to pay for food, equipment, actors, locations, permits and all the other incidentals that come with making a film project. While we do possess the experience and professionalism to make a great movie, we would really like to use state of the art equipment to really give it a quality reserved for big-budget or studio projects. We also need to find the right cast members to play the characters written in the script. Most of the funding will be used to pay the actors chosen to be in the film, with the remaining being used to feed them and rent the equipment we will use to film them. If you watch the video you will see two of the main characters, who have already been cast. They are Margret Romeo and Caitlin MacKintosh. Both of whom are extremely talented and will do a phenomenal job in their respective rolls. We will be shooting in Seattle, utilizing the wonderful charm and character this city, and its neighborhoods, has to offer. All locations used will be in and around the Seattle area. If you are from here you know that while Seattle is a major metropolitan city, in comparison to most other cities in the country, it can still feel like a small town. You can run into people you haven't seen in years, just by walking down the street. We are also going to try and capture that in this film. We plan to shoot over four weeks in October and November and hopefully weather permitting be done with principle photography before Thanksgiving. That will give us some time to edit and re-shoot if necessary in time to submit this to the film festival circuit. Thanks for reading this and I hope that you can help us out. We would really appreciate it. Have a great day.Sincerely,Diego Resendez Risks and challenges The biggest challenges for an independent film are raising money and finding locations to shoot your film. While an ideal situation would be to shoot on a sound stage, most independent films do not have the budget to do so. Should we get funded, we have already found three bars and a house which have given us permission to shoot several scenes of the film in their locations. We are also in negotiations with two other restaurants and will be filing for permits with the city of Seattle to shoot in public locations. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter