Create your own galaxy of light! Our spinning orbit combines four stunning LED microlights and a breathtaking array of colors, brightness levels, and display modes. With over eight years of experience in the LED microlight industry, we've expanded the possibilities of orbit light shows once again by building our most ambitious orbit ever. Functional prototype with handles Sealed in a durable, easy-access frosted casing, two of the orbit arms are elongated to create a unique second ring of light. Double ring effect Simply click your orbit on and choose one of 10 dazzling color modes. Spin it to music and your orbit adds a new dimension to your experience as you make the lights follow, spiral out from, and crash into the beat! Each Galaxy Orbit includes 4 independently programmable microlights, 23 brilliant colors, and 3 brightness levels per color, giving you maximum flexibility to customize any light show you desire. Galaxy Orbit prototype with Galaxy chips Enjoy orbiting on your own, take it to a party, or use it anywhere dark that needs a light show. Team up with your friends and spin your Galaxies to build a whole universe of light together.If you’re a pro, Galaxy gives you everything you need and more, and if you’re new to orbits, start with the best! It’s easy to learn and fun. Light painting with Galaxy Orbit Orbiting is the art of manipulating light to create an awesome display of colors in motion. Controlled by a series of LEDs bound together and strung through the center, the idea is to twist and spin the orbit to produce rings of bright, colorful light. By varying the speed of your spin and matching it to the beat of music, the lights open and close, blend together and dance in perfect harmony, giving you and anyone watching an incredible light show.A light-up yo-yo allows a fleeting moment of pleasure before you have to retract it, while an orbit’s dual-handed operation gives you far more control, and you never have to stop spinning!Orbiting is easy: the best way to learn is to simply pick one up and play with it. Check out our how-to video for the basics, and when you want to learn more, there are thousands of videos of orbits in action on YouTube. Advanced moves and tricks come naturally with practice; most orbiters develop their own style and moves in just a few weeks. Orbiting in 3 easy stepsStep 1: The most important part of orbiting is what comes naturally when you take the handles in your hands: you wind it up! The tension on the strings makes the orbital in the middle spin rapidly. Step 2: You want to build tension on the strings while bringing your hands together, and then slowly pulling them apart. Avoid any sudden moves, which can cause your orbit to stop spinning. As you slowly pull your hands apart, you increase the speed of the orbital in the middle, which then produces the awesome rings you want to see. Step 3: Soon you’ll find that just a slight flick of the strings produces different shapes. In the end, practice makes perfect. Play with your orbit more and more and your skills will improve, and you’ll be able to come up with your own style and moves! In 2007, we launched the very first official online store dedicated to LED orbits. We built our first orbits with keychain lights, a satin cord, and cable ties (zip-ties) from the local hardware store: Over time we were sending "zip-tie orbits" all around the world, but despite their popularity, we knew we could do better. In 2011 we invented the OrbitAdapter, our patented plastic carrier that made it a snap to secure LED lights in place. Today OrbitLightShow.com features all kinds of LED products and over 50 different orbits, which come in multiple colors and mode combinations. We’ve been truly inspired to watch orbiting evolve from its DIY origins to a full-fledged craft. Orbiters break out new and crazier tricks everyday, so we think you deserve a better device to help you perform the ultimate light show. If you are interested in learning how to orbit right now before the end of this campaign, we have a high quality beginner orbital which features our OrbitAdapter above: 4-Light Rainbow Orbit We knew everything we wanted to accomplish with the Galaxy: Provide all the features, modes, and colors you’d need. Design a smooth, rounded, secure holder that’s easy to access, and make it frosted so the light can refract through it when it spins.As we got further into development, we realized that all orbits have one thing in common...when you spin them, they produce one ring. The colors and patterns differ within the ring, but they are confined to a single circle effect. 3D render of our latest prototype With the Galaxy Orbit, we designed two longer and two shorter arms. This gives you an inner orbit and an outer orbit, which adds a completely new and exciting element to your lightshows. We spent a lot of time testing and retooling to achieve the perfect aerodynamics for our exclusive Saturn Effect, and we know you’re going to love it. All of your modes, colors, and brightness levels can be programmed via the Galaxy chips embedded with your 4 RGB LED microlights. The memory function ensures that even when you need to change batteries, all your favorite configurations are saved. ArcLite Galaxy chip (LED bulb will be diffused in final version) There are 10 dazzling display modes! 12-Color Sandbox mode (courtesy of our friends over at Futuristic Lights), Hyper Strobe, Ribbon, Tracer, Dots, Dash Dot, Three-Color Slow Fade, Rainbow Strobe, Rainbow Ribbon, and a Demo mode which cycles through each mode every seven seconds.Simply click the lights on and each click moves you to the next mode. Press and hold for 1 second and release on any mode to turn off. Press and hold on any mode for 2 seconds to enter color programming.Here are some long exposure photos of the programmable modes using the red, green, and blue as color options: Hyper Strobe Ribbon Tracer Dots Fade Because each chip on the Galaxy Orbit can be programmed independently, and each individual color has a low, medium, or high option, you can get extremely creative with literally unlimited possibilites. The Galaxy chip features 23 different colors and a BLANK color option, so you can add spaces between your colors to create new visuals. Each color can be set to low, medium, or high brightness: By the way, this isn’t just a regular keychain light that you pick up at the store. Our chips are made using high-intensity RGB LEDs and an 8-pin flash microcontroller with nanoWatt XLP technology (PIC12F1840). The design is based on our LED glove set chips, so you can use the Galaxy chip with glove sets too. The best way to get to know your new orbit is in its default settings, and you can have a lot of fun in RGB. When you’re ready to move on and program the modes and colors, please see our how-to video below: In addition to setting colors for each mode, you can also use MASTER COLOR programming to create one set of your favorite colors to use across all 9 modes. If you ever want to wipe the chip clean and start over, you can MASTER RESET back to the default RGB colors. Each Galaxy Orbit includes two CR1620 battery per chip. This is a standard battery that will last for several months (depending on use), is inexpensive to replace and easy to find. To access the batteries, all you need is a screwdriver to loosen the two screws that hold your orbit case together.Your orbit also includes two 3-hole handles to make orbiting more comfortable. Some users may not even need the handles, while others may want to move up to our softer neoprene version. We’re here on Kickstarter ready to go into production with your backing, and deliver the ultimate orbit to you as your reward. All development work is complete, we’ve tested multiple prototypes to get everything right, and we can start production immediately upon funding. All we need is your support to meet the minimum order requirements and in a couple months, the Galaxy Orbit will be in your hands.We have seen the benefits of spreading happiness through positive, non-verbal interactions that go beyond words, and we can’t wait to see you share your light, your moves, and your creativity everywhere with your Galaxy Orbit. Risks and challenges Aided by the learning experiences we've had over the last 8 years of LED product design, our reliable manufacturing partners, and the fact that we have already completed all stages of pre-production for the Galaxy Orbit, we do not foresee any risks and challenges that would cause major delays. We will remain in regular communication with our backers as our project goes through final production. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter