www.razorsthemovie.comThe first feature film of a projected franchise of horror films to be shot in London's oldest surviving asylum.The Story of the first film.A keen group of young script writers are invited by a twisted tutor to an old Asylum where they face the ultimate challenge - to write the most terrifying horror film ever made.Ruth is among them and brings a mysterious box containing the knives she believes were used by Jack the Ripper to commit his notorious blood lust driven murders.A student dies, the knives go missing. Ruth and the others descend into a tormented hell where they must solve the asylum’s terrifying mystery and unlock a past that changes the World for ever.Discovered.Missing.Reborn.Be a part of it!A new Mythology for a new Horror FranchiseWe create a whole new mythos around the Ripper story, bringing it into the present day. The knives, the ornate box they are kept in, hidden for years in a police black museum, a little ghost girl, who seems to guard them, and has a particular significance to the Ripper story, and of course the asylum itself. Long abandoned and full of ghosts and secrets, this is where the little girl has hidden one of the knives, thus trapping the spirit of a vengeful, hate filled Jack beneath the bricks of the walls themselves. He is freed in this story, to wreak havoc again, and when the knives are stolen at the behest of a villainous art dealer in future episodes of the series and taken to America, the spirit of jack will go with them! carrying out his bloody vengeance ....as it is thought he did in real life.What do we want you to do?We want you to help us bring this mythos to life. We have the stories, an astounding location and the talent on board to make this something special.Why Kickstarter?Because we want to make the film free of studio interference. It is a scary intelligent horror film, influenced by past classics as diverse as the original Robert Wise, the Haunting and TV's The Stone Tapes' as well as more modern films like to Saw franchise, we don,t want to dilute its strange vision...embodied by the concept painting at the top of the page.. And following on from the example of Iron Sky, we want to involve the audience in the development of the mythos. The film's web page will detail in the next few months how you can contribute to future story lines. one of the corridors from our wonderful location One of the Unique windows from our wonderful location Who are we?Magic Mask Pictures made the low budget indie feature film Seeing Heaven in 2010. Distributed internationally in more than ten international territories, Seeing Heaven looked great and spun a strange story web around a mythos of rent boys, villainous movie producers and a missing twin. Razors was born as a movie treatment in 2008 and Ian Powell has worked on Scripting it for a year, even exploring the possibility of making the film in 3D, hence the title of our web page. Now we are collaborating with world renowned film college SAE in London to make the film a reality and draw on the experience of an experienced crew and their fresh talents.Working with SAE in we will give a group of it's students a first feature film credit and show how a low budget feature can get a high profile, win international sales, and be a great way into the industry. We are very grateful for their help, support and artistic expertiseWe are also deeply grateful to Capital Estates and Facilities at the West London Mental Health NHS Trust for their help in the project. Magic Mask is committed to sharing this experience and involving the trust in the film as an artistic and learning endeavour.Some shots from our first film. Seeing Heaven: The Man in The white mask...dream image from Seeing Heaven Paul in the Underworld. Another example of Alessio Valori's work as Cinematographer from Seeing Heavenn KEY CREATIVES.Ian Powell (Director and Co-writer): Ian started his career as a film PR working on the UK campaigns for the original Nightmare on Elm Street, Blood Simple, Return of the Living Dead, The Stuff and numerous other feature films. His first short film "Lonely Hearts" (about a deranged serial killer, who steals the faces of his victims, etching them on his own face) was called by Time Out "An Intriguing body horror short...an interesting showcase film with ideas that beg expansion into a longer work" . It received a month long theatrical run at London's Scala cinema with cult film Richard Stanley's Dust Devil. His debut feature "Seeing Heaven" was reviewed by James Gacey (Author of a key book on Dario Argento" who said “The haunting and ethereal score courtesy of Ken Watanabe, coupled with the visually arresting imagery of the dream sequences, combine to invoke a vivid atmosphere right out of the Golden Age of Italian horror, conjuring dark dreams and memories of Bava, Argento and Martino.” It was the lead film together with "Howl" at the Deep Desires and Broken Dreams film festival at london's Riverside cinema in 2011.Karl Ward: (Co-Writer and Assistant Director)Karl is a writer and director. In addition to Razors he is currently working on producing his first play 'The Tragic Death of Christopher Marlowe', and recently shot his first short, the distinctly creepy 'The occupant' which is now in post production. He is researching for an untitled short which will be produced in 2014. Alessio Valori A.I.C. (Cinematographer)Alessio is an award winning cinematographer with many documentaries, feature films and other artistic projects under his belt. For "Days Of Harvest" he won the award for best cinematography at MIFF (Milan International Film Festival, Italy 2011) as well as being nominated for a David Donatello (Italy's Oscar equivalent) in 2013 for the same film. Seeing Heaven, our previous collaboration also won best cinematography (up against some stiff competition) at the Yellow Fever Independent film fest in Belfast in 2011). His other feature film credits include Girls on the Air, Airbourne, The Reverend, Shooting Silvio and How to Stop Being a Looser.http://www.alessiovalori.com/David Blight (Costume Design)David was BAFTA nominated for his costume designs for "A Harlot's Progress" in 2006. He also created the wonderful costumes for The Wicker Tree (The much anticipated follow up to The Wicker Man) and for Channel 4's immersive "City Of Vice" about London's first police force. He did both costumes and production design on both of the BBC period Casualty specials.Euan Donaldson (Editor)Euan is an experienced editor with many campaigns and adverts to his name. Working at trailblazing agency Hazel May Ltd as head of post-production, he has also edited documentary's including To Gaza with Love, and A Painful Peace with Aki Nawaz from highly controversial UK punk band Fun Da Mental, among others, also low budget features Miss Monday and 3 Days, which blended the music of Peter Starsted, God Speed You Black Emperor and the only screen roll to date of legendary avant gard artist Pere Ubu. He has cut TV for BBC, ITV & Al Jazeera, and currently resides with his wife and daughter in sunny Hanwell. Saber Core (Visualiser)We are extremely grateful to artist Saber Core for his evocative cover image for the film. Saber produces extraordinary fantasy artwork for books and album covers internationally and we want to involve him as a key collaborator on the film. http://covercorpz23.wix.com/sabercore23For any Investment or Distribution enquiries re Razors and the Razors film Franchise contact Ian Powell at ian.powell@btinternet.com Risks and challenges The ultimate challenge is to produce a striking looking film on our budget. We are achieving this by involving forward thinking creatives with high credentials who are willing to get involved. (Note: 10K is our target here, and we are confident we can produce the film, with the contribution from Magic Mask and with all the great creatives we have on board) Obviously we are hopping we are over subscribed. Our Stretch funding target is 50K, which will help us produce a lusher project and get an experienced FX artist on board. We have to shoot RAZORS in an abandoned asylum at night... Which isn't only terrifying but also technically difficult. We are planning to live video blog from the set so you see how we get on... Or get out? We have to achieve the best international sales and distribution we can in the horror market. We are doing this by putting together a project with a unique premise and building on the distribution experience Magic Mask Pictures gained with its first feature film which distributed in 10 major territories. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter