Drumroll, please. Cue the lights, the camera...the action. Pardon us for being dramatic, but we believe that our new app, thundR, deserves it – and you’ll agree too! thundR is an app that will offer personalized one flash deal a day on the go in your smartphone- creating shopping as a daily habit & a fun past time. Our scarcity of products and time based deals create real buzz on daily basis. So just what does “personalized” mean? Well, a 20- year-old college student isn’t going to be interested in seeing an offer of interest to a 50-year-old woman. And vice versa, of course! He wants to see a great deal on an Angry Bird Flyer so he can relax and have some fun after a difficult test ! And a 50-year-old woman who has already graduated from college and is now a career woman may need a scalp massager or a Spin-For-Perfect Skin face & body cleansing brush! And thundR will ensure that you the consumer are not going to get burned out from receiving too many emails. Let’s face it, consumer burnout happens all the time, what with constant promotional pinging and an overload of low-quality daily deals, which is what most apps offer. By offering only one premium deal per day, we're confident consumers will appreciate high-value daily deals tailored to their interests and their location. It is a whole new exciting prospect for both consumers and merchants. - Scarcity of product creates real buzz on a daily basis- Creating shopping as a daily habit & a fun past time- The call to action—"I want one!"—couldn't be clearer and the purchase process begins But hold your horses...the above is just for consumers. What are merchants going to get out of thundR? For merchants, thundR app will provide these key value propositions:·A free mobile merchant hosting platform·Elimination of high costs previously paid to traditional daily deal hosting companies·Improved profit margins·A simple, do-it-yourself tool to present daily deal offers to consumers on their smartphone·Control of the timing, number, size, frequency and location of offers·Geo-location targeting of customers·Enhanced customer reach and awareness.What the funds will be used for: ·Product development·Consumer acquisition·Merchant acquisition ADDITIONAL WAYS TO HELPPlease help spread the word about our Kickstarter campaign by sharing our prelaunch page with your friends: http://thundr.mobi Tell your friends, co-workers, family, anyone you think might be interested. Visit the thundr website (http://thundr.mobi) and our Facebook page and like, post and share comments. Follow us on Twitter @thundrapp for the latest news and updates. Please help us get the word out! Risks and challenges RISKS & CHALLENGES: Creating an app for retail, especially one like the thundR, requires that we bring thousands of consumers and hundreds of merchants together. It will take time to recruit all those merchants, and of course that may delay the launch of our product. Having said that, we’ve already got a warehouse full of those rewards, just ready to be shipped to our generous backers! If our great project becomes fully funded, we will be heading in the right direction to set the trend for the next generation shopping experience. HOW KICKSTARTER WORKS? We’re sure you know how Kickstarter works, but let’s just go through it again. Kickstarter is a crowd-funding platform for creative projects that enables projects like thundR to find the financial support they need from people across the country...even the world, who enjoy helping start-up entrepreneurs achieve their dreams. In return, backers receive rewards, based on various pledge levels. You can see the different pledge levels and rewards you’ll receive on the right hand side of this page – where you actually make your pledge. With any amount pledged, you become a member of the “thundR” team, and we thank you! WHAT'S THE RISK TO YOU? Since Kickstarter operates on an all-or-nothing model, if we don’t reach our goal of $10,000, we don’t receive anything. All our backers will have their funds returned to them. So there is actually no risk to you! If we’re fully funded, we’ll be able to get this app in the works. There might be production delays as far as the app is concerned, but you’ll receive your promised reward immediately (as well as our grateful thanks.) The Bottom Line… Simply put, without the funding from you, the product will not take off. This next step of the process is a HUGE undertaking and really exciting! We cannot do it without your help! We are confident that with your participation and involvement, we will meet our goal and our product will become a reality. THANK YOU! Thank you from the bottom of our hearts from everyone at thundR for your support and belief in what we do. Bravo to all who help to make this product possible. For any questions/inquiries, you can contact us directly at info@thundr.mobi - We’d love to hear from you! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter