Masked is a coming of age story with touches of romantic comedy, action, and super hero goodness. SynopsisShane is an ordinary high school teen with average problems. He isn't popular, he's constantly bullied, he has nerdy friends and he never seems to get the girl. He even struggles with getting his parents to notice him. When Shane's self esteem is at it's lowest, a misplaced shipment of unique pills falls into his hands. Thinking nothing of it, Shane takes one of the pills. Unexpectedly, they give him extraordinary abilities. His senses become enhanced, his agility greater, and his hopes and dreams of being popular become more promising.Shane takes it upon himself to invoke justice as a superhero known as THE MASK. When Shane's crime fighting skills help better the community around him, it catches the attention of the evil organization the pills originally belonged to, the EFC. Meanwhile, Shane's school life takes a radically turn. With the pills boosting his confidence, he becomes popular in school, he gains better notoriety with the ladies, and he becomes the captain of the Ultimate Frisbee team. However, the consequence of trying to be popular soon catches up to Shane as he loses the trust and respect of his closest friends, as well as the girl he cares about.When evil threatens his life at school, Shane must set things right and discover where his true powers come from, as the responsibilities of a superhero and a regular kid are held in question. Shane must rise to the challenge in order to keep balance in his life for the sake of his friends and himself. Producer: Geoff SamuelsGeoff, alongside his twin Greg, has always been captivated by the magic of movies. Many of Geoff's works were very popular with audiences and have always won awards. These include popular short films "Scribbles in the Dark" and "Pizza Stains". Director: Michael HerrigerMichael knew at a young age that he always loved film. He has worked on various films at SEU, including the highly popular "Camp Navarre" and his own films "Under Control" and "In Cauda Venunum", as well as helping with "Paranoia" Michael has been nominated for 10, 180 FIlm Festival awards, and won People's Choice. Director: Greg SamuelsGreg has a passion for filmmaking. Ever since he was a child, he wanted to become a filmmaker. Greg has written, directed, shot and even acted in a majority of his and his brother's films. Many of his films also feature amazing fight scenes and spectacular choreography. His works has won awards at local festivals and are favored highly by audiences. Cinematographer: Kaleb BlakeyKaleb is currently a senior at SEU and has always loved filmmaking. He has always wanted to pursue a career in it. He will get the opportunity this fall when he enters an LA FIlm program. Blakey has worked on various films including "Camp Navarre" and "Marriage Material". He is also noted as an extraordinary cinematographer, helping in numerous films for the 180 FIlm Festival. One of his noted cinematography is "I AM Kill", a highly popular short film. We have a great and dedicated cast and crew, top notch film equipment, support from our school and other investors, but are still missing something.You!...and Money. Greenbacks. Cash. Payment. Dough. $$$$$$$$ Whatever you prefer to call it, we are in desperate need of it! We need money to make this dream of ours a reality. Even with many things being donated to us, we still need to pay for things like: Locations Costumes Props Professional Film Consultants Food Cast And Much Much More!!!! Steven Campbell Graduated with a BA in English and Sociology from Rollins College in Winter Park, FL. Mr. Campbell has been involved in the motion picture industry since 1984. Throughout his many years in the industry, Mr. Campbell started out as a camera op with some of his work including: "Michael Jackson World Tour", "The Waterboy", "Monster", "The Punisher", "The Sopranos", "Ace Ventura 3" and "Zombieland". With so much experience as a camera op, it only made sense that he would graduate up to a Director of Photography. he has DP'd countless of commercials for famous brands such as: "Disney", "The Orlando Magic", "The Gaylord Palms" and "Dr. Scholls" and many more. His feature work includes: "Monster", "Mortal Combat", "The Guardians" and "The Reaping".Michael Anderson Michael is an accomplished veteran in both the film and the broadcast industry. He is mostly known for his talent of screenwriting. Michael has always loved to write stories and see them made into life. He has written screenplays for various television shows as well as films, both shorts and features. He is now a FIlm professor ad SEU, teaching the next generation the art of film. He will be the executive producer of this feature film, lending advice and wisdom to the students.NFocus Pictures NFP has been distinguished itself in the filmmaking industry since 2002 with the awarding winning short film, "Blackwater Elegy". Since then, NFocus has produced a total of three shorts, one narrative feature entitled Endure, one feature length documentary entitled "Voices From Mariel", and one feature length comedic film entitled "Erik Myers: Dopeless Romantic". Currently, NFocus has several new projects slated for development including a faith-based short titled "Cross Point" and an upcoming reality series. NFocus Pictures specializes in producing independent film projects that are high on production quality and low on budget. We have some awesome incentives for your contributions!$10: A personalized Thank-you card, a Facebook shoutout, and a downloadable poster $20: An HD digital file of the completed film as well as A personalized Thank-you card, a Facebook shoutout, and a downloadable poster $35: A "Special Thanks" credit, a Kick-starter exclusive "Masked" Frisbee, An HD digital file of the completed film as well as A personalized Thank-you card, a Facebook shoutout, and a downloadable poster $50: A packaged DVD(with concept art, Storyboards, and BTS),A "Special Thanks" credit, a Kick-starter exclusive "Masked" Frisbee, An HD digital file of the completed film as well as A personalized Thank-you card, a Facebook shoutout, and a downloadable poster $75:You get an Kickstarter exclusive "Masked" Shirt, a PDF of the script a packaged DVD ( with concept art, storyboard and BTS footage), A "Special Thanks" credit, a Kickstarter exclusive "Masked" Frisbee, An HD digital file of the completed film, the Thank-You card, a Facebook Shout-out and a downloadable poster $100: Signed poster by cast and crew, a signed copy of the script, two tickets to a private premiere in Lakeland, FL, a Kickstarter exclusive "Masked" Shirt, a packaged DVD ( with concept art, storyboard and BTS footage), A "Special Thanks" credit, a Kickstarter exclusive "Masked" Frisbee, An HD digital file of the completed film, the Thank-You card, a Facebook Shout-out and a downloadable poster $250: A Box of Super Pills just like The MASK uses (in a candy form)! Signed poster by cast and crew, a signed copy of the script, two tickets to a private premiere in Lakeland, FL, a Kickstarter exclusive "Masked" Shirt, a packaged DVD ( with concept art, storyboard and BTS footage), A "Special Thanks" credit, a Kickstarter exclusive "Masked" Frisbee, An HD digital file of the completed film, the Thank-You card, a Facebook Shout-out and a downloadable poster $500: A "Mask" replica, Signed poster by cast and crew, a PDF of the script, two tickets to a private premiere in Lakeland, FL, a Kickstarter exclusive "Masked" Shirt, a packaged DVD ( with concept art, storyboard and BTS footage), A "Special Thanks" credit, a Kickstarter exclusive "Masked" Frisbee, An HD digital file of the completed film, the Thank-You card, a Facebook Shout-out and a downloadable poster $1000: An Executive Producer Credit, Signed poster by cast and crew, a PDF of the script, two tickets to a private premiere in Lakeland, FL, a Kickstarter exclusive "Masked" Shirt, a packaged DVD ( with concept art, storyboard and BTS footage), A "Special Thanks" credit, a Kickstarter exclusive "Masked" Frisbee, An HD digital file of the completed film, the Thank-You card, a Facebook Shout-out and a downloadable poster Risks and challenges Yes, we are just film students at a small university. Yes, we may be looked down on because we are trying to do such a huge project. Yes, some may say we will fail. However, I believe that we have an amazing cast and crew; a group of talented, amazing people that will give everything they have to get this project off the ground! So those other facts and opinions do not faze me! The hardest part of pulling off this project will be raising the money. We plan on filming very soon, so we will be starting principle photography during May. We will start with scenes that will not require extensive sets and props, but as the money start coming in, we can start planning and preparing for the action sequences and elaborate set pieces and costumes. The only other factor against us, is time. We need specific times and dates for some of our locations we will be paying for and without a concrete schedule, those places may fall through. However, we have plenty of backups for our main locations. We plan on wrapping up principle photography in June and get it through Post-production until October where we plan on premiering it in Lakeland, Fl and film festivals. I know that with your support that we will make a project worthy of your time, money and enjoyment! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter