HopeSocial will be designed for Christians who want to share their faith online through social media. Whether you're an individual or a church, HopeSocial will be the place to help you learn what social media is, how to use it, and what to post, when.The VisionA year ago I noticed that not many churches (or even individuals) use social media to spread the Word of God online.About 1 in 5 churches use social media, and a number of them dont know how to use it effectively.Thats why I decided it was time to do something. Since July 2014 I have been working away gathering statistics, information, and creating guides to help the church use social media for good.HopeSocial will be free to sign up and use the training which will consist of video training, guides and templates. Also there will be a Premium membership at the cost of £3.99 a month for access to over 50 resources to use freely on your social media accounts. This will consist of graphics, videos and more all produced by myself. Video Training and Stats Progress so farThe website is over 50% complete and I am excited for the upcoming launch which is planned for late March, early April (You'll be kept updated on when it's officially launched). However there have been a lot of costs involved and more on the way, so this is where kickstarter comes in.With your help I can reduce costs and on top of that provide you all with updates and information about HopeSocial.So why not join in and help spread the Word of God online.So why do I need £250?So there are actually costs to run a website online. - There's the cost of web hosting, this is what stores the website and then the domain name, this is the web address - hopesocial.co.uk. - Plugins that run on the site cost money too such as the membership features that allow the site to be set up so only certain sections can be accessed by certain people. - Marketing the website, it would be great if we could get the word out about the website when it goes live. - Any extra money will be used for costs of video editing equipment, and possibly hiring someone to write blog posts.So go on and get involved now.So what's it all about? So as I mentioned before HopeSocial will be a website for Christians, whether individual or church, to come to and learn how to improve their social media presence and also get resources. The training will consist of step by step videos. These will first consist of: - How to set up a facebook page - How to create graphics for your facebook page brand - What to post on facebook and when - How to set up a twitter account - How to create graphics for your twitter account - What to post on twitter and when - How to set up a youtube channel - How to create graphics for your youtube channel brand - What to upload to your youtube channel and when Over the months after official launch more video guides will be added (including pinterest and instagram). Alongside these videos there will be written guides to help you along with free template downloads for cover photos, profile pictures and more. The social media training will be free for everyone to use, all you will have to do is sign up for a free membership (this is so we can track to see how many people we are reaching across the country and to be able to see the impact.) Another feature is resources. This will first consist of over 50 individual images for you to download freely and use on any of your social media accounts. These will include scripture pictures, which means you can upload these at any time of day to encourage your followers with scripture. There will also be pictures that can be used as cover photos, or advertisements for upcoming events. You can see an example below: Resources Example This feature will be updated throughout each month with new content, meaning you’ll never run out of resources to use on facebook, twitter, youtube or whatever social media platform you use. This feature will be for premium members which is for £3.99 a month. However here on kickstarter you can save money on subscription costs, check out the rewards for more details. Other features of the website will be a blog. This will be updated throughout each week with posts of social media, media and the church. The blog is mainly for updates on HopeSocial, a place to review products, share views and have some fun. This blog can be accessed by all and you wont need to be a member to view its content. This wont be it, I would love to expand HopeSocial, and after the first few months of launch there will be plans to add new features to help you, and the church use social media. So I hope this has helped you understand what HopeSocial will become and it would be amazing if you could help out by donating even if it is just £1. If you cant, then prayers will be amazing aswell. Please pray that this tool will help people spread the Word of God across the UK. Risks and challenges There are always risks and challenges when creating something from scratch. However I have set out a lot of my time and plan to continue to do this to focus on the website. Along with prayer and support this project can be completed. If there is a set back to the launch you will be the first to know! The plan is to launch the site in March, but if there are any set backs April is the last resort. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter