Hibbing, Minnesota has a rich history and in that history great restaurants have been here. Some still remain and some have gone away. The semi-fine dining scene where you can relax in a "Speakeasy-style New York Steakhouse" with a great drink and impeccably prepared steak or fresh seafood or other dish are missing. It is our goal to return a restaurant of this style to Hibbing while celebrating the rich history of our community and it's people. We will take a page from the greats of the world and allow you to dine at a table modeled after Frank Sinatra's table at Patsy's in NYC that is a tribute to Bob Dylan who grew up in Hibbing. Dedications to other Hibbing natives will include Major League Baseball legend Roger Maris, NBA superstar Kevin McHale, the founders of the Greyhound Bus Lines, Gary Puckett and the Union Gap, our great hockey players past and present, current and past workers of the Iron Mining Industry that made Hibbing what it is today and was before. We will remember the past, celebrate everyday we are here, and embrace the future through great food, drink, and service. By opening in Hibbing we will contribute to the community in many ways from restoring an empty restaurant location, providing culinary apprenticeship opportunities to our employees, beginning a ProStart Culinary Education Program with the Hibbing High School, bringing Dylan Days back to Hibbing for the multitude of Bob Dylan fans that come to Hibbing in search of his childhood roots, contributing to local youth sports, the arts, scholarship programs, and the community as a whole by assisting with community dinners around the holidays and throughout the year. We will support the people of Hibbing by not only providing a great restaurant in our community but by giving back whenever we can. Risks and challenges Restaurants are considered a risky business but with over 27 years in the restaurant and hospitality industry we feel we can be successful where others have failed. If we reach our objective we will have the choice of one of two historic locations in downtown Hibbing, Minnesota. We will require additional funding but the amount we are seeking allows us to buy either of the locations and secure loans for upgrades and starting capital to make our dreams of a restaurant that celebrates our community a reality. Restaurants fail as much as any other business. People tend to notice when a restaurant fails because of the friends out of work, the meals and company they miss, and because a large building sits empty. When "Joe's Lawn Mowing" goes out of business and two or three laborers and Joe are not mowing lawns any more it is not noticed like a restaurant shuttering its doors. The failure rates in all businesses are quite similar if you make it to the five to seven year point. We have a very good business plan in place and the ability to be 100% self owned and debt free within seven to ten years after opening. Please support us as we try to give back to our community. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter