The backstory: After a series of unfortunate circumstances (can divulge if it's important to the cause) about a year ago, I was left an enthusiastic photographer with a fledgling business and no camera nor gear. I was devastated. My camera had allowed me to break through communication barriers in challenging situations, invited others to share their dreams or fears with me, or simply allowed me to watch others as an active observer.I have attempted to keep my passion aflame with "iPhone photography" but miss the technical abilities of having DSLR. I really felt that I had been improving my skills tremendously and starting to create inspirational images worth sharing. After some emotional and mental preparation, I am ready to return to a world of RAW images, and Adobe Photoshop.What I'm asking:This project is intended to help me purchase the original camera I had before the loss **willing to disclose to interested backers if critical to my funding** . This is a Canon EOS Rebel T3i (currently valued at approx. $750 with the 18-135 mm kit lens), with two additional lenses, including a 50 mm f/1.4 (approx $100) and a 75-300 mm telephoto lens (approx $200). I'm hoping I can find a nice deal on eBay or a local camera shop to maximize your dollar.Why it matters to me (and hopefully you, too):We live in a world increasingly defined by problems and solutions that transcend geographical borders -- climate change, internet-powered revolution, global pandemics. Key relationships between nations are no longer just between governments or leaders, but between ordinary people brought together through travel and technology. My photography chronicles my journey across the globe to forge international bonds in hopes of pursuing a holistic understanding of the state of world affairs. It is my hope to use my photography to inspire others to search within themselves to understand and identify with other cultures around the world.Examples of my work: El Viejito (Mexico) Sitting, waiting, fishing (Tanzania) Revere from afar (Turkey) Through the Ages (Scotland) Seal Sandwich (New Zealand) My thanks: Thank you for your interest in my project. In a world where we are constantly bombarded by words, images, and video, I am grateful that you have given me even just a few moments of your time.Should you choose to back my project, I will be delighted to present you with a "reward" with an image of your choice. The selection will primarily be landscapes, cultural/travel or nature photography. Please see related section for more details. Risks and challenges I do not have a project so much as a goal/need to purchase a camera and the related gear to even begin planning a project. Thus, there will be no specific product from this funding. In saying that, I do plan on re-launching a photography website once I get things up and running again. Backers are more than welcome to provide feedback as to what sort of project they'd like to see me undertake. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter