What is the short film about?12 : Short Film : 12 days, every night at 12am. What if you get a phone call? What if every friend you know is in danger? What are you going to do? That's the basic plot line for the movie. As it is a thriller based short film we don't want to reveal too much. :P Why Filmmaking/Directing? Why not a doctor?It's always been a dream for me to make movies, to see the characters you imagined come to life. When i was little i used to watch movies and find the mistakes and laugh at them. I am used to watching a lot of horror and thriller based short film because i like the suspense it creates. :)When did you plan this short film? We have been planing this short film for months. We started this movie a month ago and had to stop because of the financial issues we are having. We just had the passion but never the money. :( Team ?We are a bunch of college students who are interested in filmmaking.Everyone in our team wants to be successful in one and only thing that is film making. Our actors, editors, and writers wants this film to get started as we have been working on it for months. Everyone is super excited about this short film(at at least i think they are). ;)Producer ?Every movie needs a producer. We need you guys to be the producers for my movie. As students we have hard time accumulating money for our short film. We tried to sell our stuff to get some money but it's still not enough to make a movie. Never give up is always been our motto.Then what is the problem? As we are students we don't have the financial capability to fund a movie. We have asked many people in hope so that someone could fund the movie but it never happened. One of my friend told about kickstarter and here we are trying one more time. Risks and challenges Making a movie is the biggest risk so everyone says but we don't think making what you believe is risky. Up till now the challenge we have faced was the money other than that we are bunch of happy college students. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter