I'm planning to make the best calendar you have ever seen in your life. And I don't mean I'm going to pose nude wearing a fireman suit (I know you girls want that) or wear a ninja outfit and do jumpkicks (I know you guys want that) but instead to bring you along with me to some of the most beautiful places I have had the honor to see! Iceland 2015 As a backer, you'll help vote in the 12 images. If you want to pick a photo yourself to appear on your birthday month, there's also a reward for that. Potential Calendar Photographs for your choosing 2016 Calendar Cover August Calendar 2016 Either way, you'll get inspiring photographs and my thoughts I had when taking the photos. I believe traveling is one of the best ways to build perspective and understanding of who we are:"Do something good for someone you barely know, buy them a coffee, give them a ride, buy them a sandwich. You will always be surprised what comes from that small jesture." "You're more likely to regret things you didn't do, then things you did, so do more." Iceland 2015 The back story == S.Korea 2003 Since 2003, I have been blessed to have been able to travel the globe and over that time, I have taken over 200000 photos. One day in Tokyo back in 2007, I took 1300 photos in 1 day, that amounts to 1 photo every 13 seconds. That's crazy right? Japan 2007 Canada 2010 Anyway, people who knew I was taking so many photos (usually a friend or host) would ask, 'what are you going to do with all these photos?' And my response has always been, 'prob make a photo book before I die.' But of course, as I started posting these photos sparingly on social media, I began to realize the impact that they can have on people. So that's why I have decided to make a series of photographs into a calendar. Thailand 2014 The Future ==I have Summer 2016 plans to continue my travels around the world to places I have never seen or heard of (Africa and South America). So you won't be supporting someone who will be taking photographs for a hobby. I will continue taking photos till I can no longer. The adventures I create, the people I meet, and the photos I capture, are amazing! Thank you for believing in my work and being a part of something special. Thank you for reading. Myanmar 2013 United States 2008 Risks and challenges The risk is that I can't raise the amount and my virtual self takes a huge hit on the confidence scale. I will be shamed by everyone because I have failed. But seriously, one of the challenges is finding a print place to bulk print the calendars. I haven't been able to find a cost effective method so that's definitely one problem. And for those who know me, shipping will be a problem. I don't mail postcards, letters or anything that's physical. That's why I have such nice model fingers. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter