Hi Kickstarter,After helping us create the Original TIM3 MACHIN3, many of our backers asked for a smaller version. We heard you loud and clear. And for our second Kickstarter project, we're happy to present... the MINI TIM3 MACHIN3!It's just like the TIM3 MACHIN3... but smaller! All the same amazing meal-making, time-saving functionality is packed into the MINI. Its 8 cup/1.7 quart size is perfect for meals for 1 to 3 people.We've done away with the dilemma of deciding between a giant rice cooker that does more or a small one that does very little. The MINI with PADDL3 and two new accessories, S3AL and RINS3! So what can this MINI TIM3 MACHIN3 do? A rice cooker should make rice and this one does it with gusto. Just like the original TIM3 MACHIN3, you'll have awesomely cooked rice at the press of a button. No browning on the bottom. No waiting around forever to eat. Just fluffy, delicious perfection.We also made the MINI 30% more powerful than typical rice cookers its size. This extra power combined with our Fuzzy Logic 2.0™ system allows the MINI to cook rice up to 29% faster than the competition.Includes specialized functions for white and brown rice as well as a time-saving quick rice function to have your rice ready in a lot less TIM3. Unlocks the key to tasty quinoa. The MINI TIM3 MACHIN3 toasts it before cooking so you experience the true flavor of this super food... not some gruely mush. Wendy Polisi, founder of CookingQuinoa.net and WendyPolisi.com, has authored over 750 quinoa recipes. When she tried the original TIM3 MACHIN3, she called it “the easiest way to cook quinoa!” See her full review here. The MINI TIM3 MACHIN3 is also a yogurt maker that actually makes yogurt. It heats the milk, let's it cool and cooks it. All in one pot. All really easily. Something that, surprisingly, other yogurt makers don't do! Slow cooking is an American favorite because you can get incredible results with minimal effort. The MINI TIM3 MACHIN3 mimics how other slow cookers work: slowly building to a simmer over the set amount of time. For low (8 hours), medium (6 hours) or high (4 hours).Other rice cookers may claim to slow cook... but it's usually more like an 8 hour boil! Set steaming time with the MINI's programmable steam feature! The countdown won't start until water reaches a boil.You can even steam while cooking rice or quinoa below for an easy, healthy one-pot meal. Whether you're making steel cut, rolled or quick oats, the MINI TIM3 MACHIN3 has you covered. Most rice cooker manufacturers advise keeping the lid open when making oats to avoid boiling over (kind of defeats the purpose of having a lid). But the MINI's Fuzzy Logic 2.0™ sensors ensure your oats never boil over.Want more time in the morning to enjoy a satisfying breakfast? Add oats and water at night and set the delay timer to have them ready when you wake up!What's This Fuzzy Logic 2.0™? You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 It's our fancy name for the MINI TIM3 MACHIN3's digital brain. It includes a sensor above and below the cooking pot that take measurements throughout the cooking process and a more powerful heating element (500 watts over the standard 350 watts for this size rice cooker). The Fuzzy Logic 2.0™ system uses those measurements to adjust cooking temperature and time for outstanding results every TIM3. We've created some awesome accessories to make the MINI even easier to use!S3AL: Cooking Pot Lid S3AL it and STOR3 it! This sealable, reusable lid fits perfectly over the cooking pot to store your yogurt or leftovers in the fridge. Stick to just one pot to clean and save big on plastic wrap and aluminum foil.RINS3: Rinsing Basket RINS3 rice, quinoa or even veggies! Rinsing rice and quinoa is SUPER important to make sure you're getting the best taste possible. This can be done in the cooking pot, but it usually ends up being a struggle to keep grains from falling out.Rice rinsers are the #1 purchased after-market accessory for rice cookers online. Now your MINI TIM3 MACHIN3 comes with one right from the start! Works great for washing vegetables or as a colander too!PADDL3: Silicone Serving PaddleDon't be left up a cooking creek without a PADDL3! This sturdy, long silicone paddle is perfect for serving rice, quinoa, yogurt, oatmeal... anything really! And Don't Forget the Steam Tray & Measuring Cup!It's tough to do much steaming without the tray. It's BPA-free and cleans easily in the dishwasher too! The measuring cup. Of course the measuring cup! It measures things like rice, quinoa, water, broth. It may often be forgotten, but if you've ever measured incorrectly you know how important it really is! We're close to making the MINI TIM3 MACHIN3 a reality. We have our factory lined up, working prototypes created and most of the tooling ready to go. We just need one last push to put the finishing touches on it, complete electrical standards approval and cover our first manufacturing run.That's where you come in Kickstarter. We've been thrilled hearing how much our backers have enjoyed the original TIM3 MACHIN3. Now we're hoping the Kickstarter community can help us bring the MINI to life.PLEDGE REWARDS! Risks and challenges In addition to the TIM3 MACHIN3 launched with Kickstarter last year, our team has collectively launched over 50 rice cookers for previous employers. We're extremely confident we can make the MINI TIM3 MACHIN3 a reality. With that said, delays are always a possibility with manufacturing a product. From tooling issues, production delays or even issues at the ports (thanks for your patience with us on that last time, backers!), delays can arise. If we do face delays, we promise to be open and communicative with our backers about the issues we are facing, what we are doing to overcome them and how they will affect our shipping time. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter