Late Backer? Not a problem! Surf to our official Homepage and check out our PayPal options that we will have ready starting end of August 2016: www.foxnforests.com Want to see more of the game? Feel free to enjoy our YouTube channel with the latest, official FOX n FORESTS videos as well as cool content from around the web, such as the legendary Jim Sterling clips: www.youtube.com/channel/UCufgMfDgwbL-REkCSvsV4iA The below described Stretch Goals will help us build the ultimate edition of FOX n FORESTS. Some of you might wonder, why we do not offer any console versions already. We thought about this very carefully and came to the following conclusions: Quality first! For now, we rather build an awesome game that launches on computers first and then step by step on consoles, than having a not so solid title launching on multiple platforms at the same time. We hope you agree and that we will get even more content together by reaching some of our Stretch Goals! FOX n FORESTS is a 2D 16-Bit style action platformer with adventure and puzzle elements, empowering you to switch seasons on the fly! Set within a mystic forest and its surroundings, FOX n FORESTS is a stunning fable offering pixel perfect Retrotainment and rewarding challenges! The game is inspired by the glorious days of 16-Bit and all time classics like Super Ghouls ’n Ghosts, Wonder Boy in Monster World and ActRaiser 2 as well as the Castlevania and Zelda series. You play as Rick the Fox and your weapon is a magic melee crossbow that can not only be used for ranged and close up combat, but empowers you to seamlessly switch between 2 seasons per level, completely changing the whole environment and resulting in amazing secrets, tricky skill tests and thriving exploration! Pixel perfect platforming, screen filling bosses, rich bonus levels, powerful potions, bags of loot, stuffed shops, clever backtracking, challenging skill tests, a magic melee crossbow to shoot and slash enemies, upgradeable shots, not 4 but 5 seasons to explore, stunning 16-Bit pixel art, a catchy chip tunes soundtrack and tons of humorous retro charm combined with the luxuries of modern game design will make FOX n FORESTS a worthy revival of games from the Golden Age. Easy to learn, difficult to master, impossible to not fall in love with! A passionate, talented and highly experienced team stands behind the development of FOX n FORESTS - it will be available for download on PC, Linux and MAC and most likely additional platforms in 2017. Please check our stretch goals for details. Back us and soon the seasons will be yours to command! An evil force is messing around with the seasons in the vast mana woodlands and is building an army of tree like creatures and half-plant half-animal mutants. Its plan is to introduce a mysterious, deadly 5th time of a year. Wandering through the dense forests, looking for winged prey our reckless hero Rick the Fox could not care less, until he meets Patty the Partridge. On behalf of the rather remarkable Guardian Tree she begs him for help, promising gold in reward and a magic melee crossbow as a powerful weapon to defeat evil. “Ha, I will outfox them! First earn this gold, then snatch the crossbow and finally swallow that annoying bird!” clever Rick is thinking while following Patty into the deep forests, not knowing what epic adventures lie in front of them, in this thrilling furry tail of change. At its core FOX n FORESTS is a 2D action platformer with challenging levels and gut-busting enemies. In addition to that rewarding RPG elements and a clever season switch mechanic create a lasting experience with depth. In FOX n FORESTS every level is a unique experience! You can switch between two pre-defined seasons per level, changing the world and its environments in 3 major ways: Weather! Plants! Animals! Deep waters in Summer can only be crossed when frozen solid in Winter, wind- and watermills in secret mines and on stormy hills can be brought to life, vanishing fog on a graveyard will make nightmares appear and of course all sorts of growing and wilting plants as well as responsive wildlife will affect your action-packed adventure. On top of that the season can only be switched for a limited amount of time, so sometimes you need to hurry up to cross a lake or get up that giant vine. But do not worry, once your season meter runs out it recharges quickly and automatically. Power is nothing without control! YES 16-Bit Style Graphics YES Parallax Scrolling YES Chiptunes OST YES Super Secrets YES Cheat Codes YES Mode 7 NO Save Game Battery NO Cartridge Blowing NO Slowdowns The funding goal for FOX n FORESTS is €95.000. This will make sure the game will come out in September 2017 on PC, Linux and Mac, including achievements! There will be versions for Steam as well as DRM free ones - you can choose the one you prefer. Of course we will make sure to bring the game to consoles as well! If this campaign is super successful, we will introduce according stretch goals which will get us there faster. And it would mean that every backer gets to pick between her/his version of choice for computer or console! Even if we "only" reach our basic goal we will do everything in our power to bring FOX n FORESTS to as many consoles as possible. At the moment we are planning for PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One, Nintendo NX. BONUS LEVEL ENTERTAINMENT is a team of passionate industry experts, skilled newcomers and experienced veterans who worked on hundreds of titles combined so far. We want to bring back the glorious days of 16-Bit and merge our love for retro gaming with the luxury of modern game design. FOX n FORESTS is a co-development between BONUS LEVEL ENTERTAINMENT, staff at Independent Arts Software and talented freelancers from all over the world. Next to the above core team we are in close contact to our friends Manfred Trenz (Turrican, Katakis, Rendering Ranger) and Henk Nieborg (Shantae, Mighty Switch Force, Contra 4, The Adventures of Lomax) who are providing additional support in the creation of FOX n FORESTS. Why Kickstarter? We chose Kickstarter as we want to try everything to stay independent! We believe that only as a truly sovereign game studio, Bonus Level Entertainment can make sure that you, our backers, get the 16-Bit action platformer how we all imagine it to be: fascinating and authentic, with the necessary love and attention to detail. For the last 6 months we have been working 24/7 on the prototype of FOX n FORESTS and this Kickstarter campaign, all of our private funds are used up. Now fate is in your hands: Please back us so FOX n FORESTS will become reality, a game that pays true justice to the 16-Bit titles we all love and beyond! A game for you, together with you! In reward for backing us you will not only get an amazing game that would be too niche to get it funded by any publisher, but we would also like to give you as much insight into the development process as possible, with constant updates, shared design documents and a maximum of social engagement. Your trust - our commitment! Our basic goal is €95.000. With this budget and thanks to the team’s experience in game development on computers and consoles - along with a professional, flexible resource planning - we can ensure the title launch in time and with high quality. FOX n FORESTS will be out as digital download in September 2017 for PC, Linux and Mac, including achievements! We have Steam and DRM free versions, simply pick the one you like (we will send out a questionnaire once the campaign is over). Of course we will try everything to bring the game to consoles as well and have according stretch goals planned. Please check out our section "Versions" above for more details. Every backer will receive the “Don’t Fox with me!” gif to amplify your digital communication and the Fox Origami pdf that you can print out and fold together, including craft(y) instructions. Below is a beauty shot of our FOX n FORESTS Platinum Edition featuring all physical rewards we offer. Of course all digital rewards (Game, OST, Manual, Artbook, Magic Attack Potions) are included in the Platinum Edition as well! Here is an animated gif of the “Thunder” Magic Attack Potion (please also check our update about Magic Attack Potions). The gif is taken from the reveal trailer, just so you have an example of how flashy our alchemy will be and as a hint towards the “Tendril”, “Comet” and “Nightmare” potions. These 3 Magic Attack Potion are exclusive to our Kickstarter backers, so this will be the only way to get them! “Tendril” - unleash vigorous tendrils that will break through the earth and torture your enemies. “Comet” - let a powerful comet appear, raining down devastating shooting stars. “Nightmare” - summon Death himself and turn the screen into the living hell. *muahahaha* Underneath we have a mock-up for a Tree Face from the so called Developer Rewards section. These rewards all include us getting in direct contact with you, exchanging pictures, ideas, files and documents in order to incorporate you into the design process and make you a part of the final game! Last but not least enjoy our “tidy” chart where you can check which items you get for your selected reward. On top of that we have divided the rewards into different categories for a better overview: The Digital Tiers: R01 (€5) to R07 (€60) - the Physical Tiers: R08 (€60) to R11 (€160) - the Developer Tiers: R12 (€300) to R16 (€1.000) - and the Special Tiers: R17 (€2.000) to R20 (€5.000). Risks and challenges We at BONUS LEVEL ENTERTAINMENT and our partners across the industry have many years of profound knowledge and deep experience in making games. Combined we have shipped over 100 titles on multiple platforms, won developer, sales and marketing awards and definitely know what we are doing when it comes to developing and publishing games. That said making good games is always a challenge. The worst thing that can happen to FOX n FORESTS is that the title would get delayed. In a very unlikely event of a major delay and therefore issues with the planned budget, we would partner with a publisher or investor and have to reduce our share of the gross revenue. Not ideal but a rather convenient worst case scenario. The truth is that we have invested so many hours, blood, sweat and tears and last but not least our private funds into this project, that we will do everything possible and whatever it takes to make sure the game will see the light of day and in the quality that will make us proud. We hope our fun trailer and sincere campaign will make you believe in FOX n FORESTS as much as we do! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter