Hello! Thank you for reading my story. this past summer, a friend of mine came and asked if i new anyone who could paint his parents room for cheap. I just happened to know quite a few people. so I decided i should help these people with their careers and did a little marketing to see who needed painting done. i posted on facebook and got over 100 responses in a day! this proved to me that there was a clear need for cheap painters. That sparked my idea of a user friendly way of marketing, or searching for cheap painters. But why limit the website? i decided to include ALL labor fields so that is was not mutually exclusive. The name, "Penny Labors" fit the description perfectly. The idea is for a producer to build a profile on the tasks he can do (ex- painting) and offer an affordable price. the producer will go through a background check, and be able to talk directly with the consumer. The producer is charged a low subscription fee to build their profile. As a consumer, you would have the ability to search for cheap labor in your area, you also would have the ability to build a profile and describe exactly what you're looking for which would allow the producer to find you as well. Payment will be quick and easy and can either be done in person, or via pay pal. its up to the two people at that point!the idea is to create the most user friendly, simple, and fast way to find manual labor in your area! Risks and challenges This is my only project. However, i am currently a college student which on its own is a project. i am a double major in business management, political science. I am busy but have always put my small business first. This is the first "real" business i am attempting to start. However, i have other small things i have started that have proved to be extremely successful, and allowed me to build a large profile. And being such a young entrepreneur in my area, people know me and believe in the things i want to do, and in the person i want to become. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter