Jalopy Records is starting an ambitious new project to release a new album every 4 weeks. These will be albums featuring artists who make up the fabric of the contemporary American roots, folk, blues & country scene. In our inaugural year we have lined up 14 solo artists and bands. Meredith Axelrod Rashad Brown Pat Conte Feral Foster Willy Gantrim Gato Paloma (Jerie Choi of the Hoodoo Honeydrippers and Ernesto Gomez of the Brotherhood of The Jugband Blues) Noah Harley (of The Horse-Eyed Men) Clifton Hicks Hubby Jenkins Jackson Lynch Mamie Minch & Tamar Korn The Old Scratch Sallies Walker Shepard Papa Vega's Dream Shadow Orchestra The performances are going to be captured in a rather unique way as well. They will all be mixed live to a tape machine on location. After that they will be kept analog all the way through the process of making the vinyl record, and only at the very last phase will they be digitized for download. That means if you receive the vinyl record, the signal will be 100% analog from start to playback. That is a rare experience these days. The albums will have 2-4 songs (depending on length) on them and additional tracks (up to 6 total) will be included digitally. All analog suscriptions also recieve a digital copy.The subscriptions (digital or analog vinyl) make great gifts for yourself and any music-lover you know, and the subscription rewards you see here are specially priced just for this 30-day campaign. Check out the bundled rewards as well for the subscriptions, plus more fun, limited edition goodies. We hope you'll pass this campaign along to help fund this project and support all these great artists!Antarctica = Local PickupDue to the way Kickstarter handles shipping options, there is no obvious way to offer a local pickup selection. So we decided to go out on a limb and assume that no one in Antarctica was going to order our analog subscription. So, when you check out, you will see 3 shipping options. U.S., international, and then Antartica. If you would like to come down to the theatre to pick up your rewards, choose Antartica!Our Latest Video Update: Willy Gantrim Video Update: Papa Vega's Dream Shadows Orchestra Just Jackson: Just in case you want to enjoy that good stuff with out the sales pitch: Risks and challenges While we we are doing everything we can to keep costs down, making 13 vinyl records is a costly affair. Getting this project funded will be our biggest hurdle. After that, mailing out a hundred or so records once every 4 weeks will take some organizing, but we are more accustomed to that. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter