Order ClampHero on www.clamphero.comThe campaign has ended but if you are still interested in getting ClampHero you can order it on our website www.clamphero.com La campagna è terminata ma se sei ancora interessato ad avere ClampHero puoi ordinarlo sul nostro sito www.clamphero.com ClampHero in the press "Never tried to use a tablet while watching a movie on the plane? People who already did it know very well there is no way to prop your smartphone and relax on your seat" - Il Cittadino"A nifty 3D-printed smartphone and tablet mount that makes it easier than ever for you to conveniently and comfortably mount your device when traveling" - TrendHunter It is at that time that Niccolò invites Davide to join him in Ireland. "We wanted to do something together. To invent our own job." On the green island they found the ideal conditions to open a business. - Varese News"A compact mount, that stays in the pocket like a smartphone but that is adaptable to tablets or ebook readers [...] that avoids bad posture" - Il Giorno"[...] A simple but brilliant solution for maximizing your space and ensuring that your prized gadgets stay with you when turbulence strikes" - 3Dprint.com"Ireland is the country where a young Italian entrepreneur can open his or her startup company and benefit from opportunities, rules and a more straightforward mentality" - LinkiestaShort introductionClampHero is a compact device holder specifically designed to be used on most airplanes, trains and coaches. It will keep almost any kind of smartphone, tablet or e-Reader right in front of your eyes. The problem Nowadays many people, including us - the creators of ClampHero - carry their own electronic gadgets to make long travels a bit less boring. It is taken for granted to play videogames, watch TV series or read ebooks because it makes every trip feeling shorter than it is.However, as early adopters of new technologies we quickly discovered that holding a tablet or smartphone for any longer than 10 minutes can be painful to your arm.Everybody uses the seat tray to try going around this problem, but in reality this makes it worse, because the seat tray is too low for a comfortable posture. A low position means a back pain is around the corner, because we are stressing our spine with unimaginable forces. Dr. Kenneth K. Hansraj, Surgical Technology International Vibrations and sudden movements can also drop the devices on the floor, risking their glass surfaces one more time. Some creative MacGyvers created improvised mounts made of available material like paper or plastic bags, but the result is, as you can imagine, often unsatisfactory.Car holders for smartphones, designed for windshields and headrests, are not suitable to be used on planes and trains. The solutionClampHero is the first holder on the market for public transport and cars that will keep your favourite gadget right in front of you, handsfree.It can get mounted on the majority of backseats, thanks to its four different mechanisms. Top hooks Additional Appendices Velcro ® Tray hooks ClampHero means a more comfortable travel with no neck pains, or strained arms, while using your tablet or e-reader.ClampHero has an easy-to-use adaptable clamp that ensure a secure grip without scratching your device surface. It can hold from the tiniest of the smartphones to big tablets and everything in between (see Product Specifications for further details).When not in use it folds and becomes very compact, and weighs like your smartphone.ClampHero is also perfect whenever you find something where to hang it. We like to mount it on the kitchen tools bar while cooking (especially useful for a quick consultation of online recipes) as it ensures it is away from liquid spills. Product SpecificationsClampHero can support even a tablet, but it has folding and sliding arms which make it compact when closed and therefore comfortable to carry. When completely folded its size is approximately:140 mm x 90 mm x 30 mm ( 5.51 x 3.54 x 1.18 inches)It is not just rather compact but also light: it weighs roughly 100 g (3.5 oz.). In other words you can easily carry it in your purse or into your bag when you travel.To be succesfully secured your smartphone/tablet should fit these constraints:Device size: minimum 50 mm (1.97 in.) - maximum 193 mm (7.60 in.)Maximum thickness: 12.5 mm (0.47 in). Oversized clamps available in Customized ClampHero, up to 16 mm of thickness. Ideal for usage with covers. Car Holder for ClampHeroBased on the feedback that we received from backers that are also parents with children, we unleashed our quick development cycle to create Car Holder for ClampHero, an additional accessory to be mounted on your car headrest in less than one minute. ClampHero then is attached on the Car Holder in seconds, and it's easily detachable when you want to carry it with you. One tablet holder that rules them all!Look at the prototype below: DevelopmentWe worked on ClampHero for more than one year since its inception, tweaking and refining its design multiple times to ensure it would become an easy to use, durable product that fulfills its mission with no uncertainties.Thanks to 3D printing technology we were able to build 15 different versions,over 30 prototypes and then test them on the field, on dozens of flights and train journeys.When we agreed on the final design, we worked to get it ready for mass production, with the support of a 20-years experienced mold design engineer.Additionally we have been assisted by a seasoned factory worker to make it easier to assemble, as well as to establish quality control techniques.An innovative production methodWe would like to produce ClampHero in the EU using a common industrial process called injection molding. This process produces quality parts at a low unit cost, but it is unfeasible for small production runs because the tooling is custom-made for every product part and very expensive to build. To overcome this obstacle, we figured out a hybrid approach in manufacturing: parallelized 3D printing.We logged hundreds of hours of operation on our 3D printers, modified them to improve their reliability and accuracy, as well as repairing them. You can be confident we are able to service them by ourselves.With parallel 3D printing process you can be sure that even in case of breakdown the production won't halt but just slow down.If you are interested in how we will manage so many printers in an efficient way, we will control them with a 100% Open Source solution composed of Octoprint server for each printer, OctoScript for remote command-line control and custom-made Phyton script to feed the printers.Why Support usOur first and foremost goal is to bring ClampHero into people’s hands. With your support we would be able to start its production and make our dream a reality.Not only you will help us in bringing ClampHero to the market, but you would also enable the development of more ambitious ideas we already have in the pipeline, as we would reinvest any profit back into the company.Pledges Until the amount of money to get the tooling required for injection molding process is reached, what we offer as reward to our backers is basically a 3d printed ClampHero. If, as hoped, the stretch goals are achieved, then the whole production will be carried out on industrial scale and ClampHero will have an improved aspect.Actually there are pros and cons on both the approaches: on one hand 3d printed objects have the characteristic pattern -which I personally like a lot- whilst the industrial production guarantees a smoother and higher degree of the finish.On the other hand, 3d printing offers a higher flexibility both on timing and customizing.Indeed we foresee (at additional costs and for a limited number of devices) two exclusive rewards called “Premium colors” and “Customized”. The first option offers a larger choice of colors: besides the basic colours (black-white-red) you can choose two among these “Premium colours” (yellow-orange-brown).The “customized” option allows you to choose any words with a total of 10 letters including spaces to be printed on your ClampHero, so it becomes really “yours”.There are several levels of contribution to get a ClampHero: A couple of limited low-cost editions: Early Birds and Super Early Birds The Regular ClampHero edition which is still 10% off with respect to the future retail price Two pack options specifically meant to save shipping charges: we can send 3 or 5 ClampHero at a time, and receive one Car Holder included in the price Car Holder is available by pledging an additional 10€ to the pledge you'd like to get.As it commonly happens that people wanted to contribute to the project but with a smaller amount, we foresee some entry levels: A T-shirt with the “Clampy” cartoon on the chest drawn by an experienced italian cartoonist A 3D-printed keychain representing the ClampHero logo An acknoledgment postcard This is the table which summarizes the several pledge options: TimelineOur activity of the next six months is scheduled as follows: If the stretch goals regarding the industrial process are reached, the manufacturing of the molds will take at least 90 days and the production of the plastic parts the ClampHero is made of will start -if no major problem are met- by the end of March 2015. That means ClampHero will be assembled and shipped within a month i.e. by the end of April 2015. In the case we don’t get that amount then the production will be with parallelized 3D printing. This mean it will be much slower but will start as soon as the campaign is closed. Orders will be fulfilled in a "first in, first out" basis.Kicking it ForwardWe are strong supporter of the crowdfunding model as this is the disruptive way to finance projects in the 21st century. We believe in supporting other Kickstarter projects by adhering to the Kicking It Forward initiative (www.kickingitforward.org). This means we will put 5% of our finished product profits back into other Kickstarter projects of our choice.Thank youWe would like to thank Davide for his unbeatable experience on injection molding, Andrea for her amazing voiceover work, Marta for her marketing skills, Stefania and Tish for their graphics efforts, Eleonora, Florencia, our parents and relatives that are supporting us in so many ways during these intense times.Kudos also to all our friends and relatives that are helping us in spreading the word!But the warmest thank you is for you, backer, that decided our idea is useful and contributed toward its fulfillment.The patent-pending ClampHero design as well as the ClampHero trademark are property of Garageeks Limited, headquartered in Dublin Ireland. Risks and challenges Every project hides traps. In principle, foreseeing every possibile scenario will prevent major troubles. But sometimes -you know- things you never imagine simply happen. This phenomenon is a corollary of the well-known "Murphy's law". What is most challenging in our case, is the dynamic management of the production process. But it is a well-calculated risk. We stress here once more that we chose this strategy because our main desire is to manufacture our idea at the lowest production costs possible to see people benefit from our creation, regardless the way we make it. The mold manufacturing procedure is very expensive and it is worth only for large numbers (larger than few thousands). We have a good expertise in 3d printing techniques, which we will use for smaller numbers. In a mid-range situation, we adopt an hybrid solution by making some parts with 3d printers and the rest with the molds. We are inexperienced in the injection moulding process. That's why a mould design engineer is supervising our job. Actually, there are no reasons to distrust that well-established industrial technique. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter