My name is Angela Dodson and I have been singing, writing, living and breathing country music since I was a young child. Inspiration comes in many forms, but for me, I’ve always felt most inspired by the works of Johnny Cash. In March 2010, I moved from a small farming town in central Pennsylvania to Nashville, Tennessee to pursue a music career. I’ve been performing around town, writing songs and learning about the music industry ever since.Almost three years later, I finally have the opportunity to professionally record some of the songs I have written…and not just anywhere! I have been invited to record at the Cash Cabin Studio by Johnny’s son, John Carter Cash.My EP album will contain six originals, including my favorite song I wrote about Johnny Cash. The cost of studio time, hiring A-team Nashville musicians, mastering and distributing an album like this costs more money than an independent artist like myself has…that is why I am sincerely and humbly asking for your help with this project. It is a dream come true to be invited to record my songs where Johnny Cash stood and recorded as well. I thank you from the bottom of my heart for your contribution to this project and hope that you find the rewards on this page worth your while!Thank you so much and God Bless!Angela Signing the mantel at Cash Cabin Studios during my intial project meeting! Hear an acoustic, live version of my song about the Man in Black! Risks and challenges An artist signed to a major label may have up to $100,000 available for daily studio cost, production and engineering costs, musicians’ pay, photography, graphic design, mastering, packaging, and distributing costs for the album. An independent artist has much more freedom in deciding what, when, where, and how they record...but they are also faced with funding the album themselves. The biggest risk in this project is trying to raise the full $8,000 needed to fund this album in just 30 days. However, I am taking this risk because I want to guarantee that those who contribute will do so toward a fully funded project. Should this project be a success, I will be able to go into the studio almost immediately, which means you will get your album and other rewards quickly! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter