ABOUT THE PROJECTThe Panther Chronicles is a film duology I have been trying to make since 1997 and has gone through various changes in the past 15 years as it begun when I was in high school. THE PANTHER CHRONICLESThe film is shot in handheld "found footage" style and is a dramatic telling of a school shooting as it unfolds. In 2000, a school in the fictional town of Ashton, Georgia began filming their annual video yearbook. The television production class dispatched 5 of their students around the school with video cameras to film various school functions, classes and talk with students about the year. The film jumps from camera to camera throughout and about 15 minutes in, shots are heard in the distance of camera one. It jumps to camera 2 as the student holding the camera is shot and the camera falls to the ground, still running as chaos ensues. Various kids and teachers fall to the ground as it jumps to camera 4 and the student holding the camera is outside the school with a gym class as he hears kids starting to scream and he directs the camera toward the building, showing students starting to run out of the school. He continues to film the outside chaos as the film continues to jump from the 3 cameras inside the building, the camera outside the building and, later, live news footage. At this point, the fifth camera inside the building is assumed to have been dropped or the operator killed. The camera from the dead student inside continues to film on the ground, one student inside the building continues to film as he locks himself inside a classroom with a number of other students. The other student in the building, an aspiring journalist, decides to dangerously roam the halls while filming. The first film continues to film in this manner through the remainder until a tumultuous and shocking ending.11 DAYS LEFT: THE PANTHER CHRONICLES IIThe second film would be mostly shot simultaneous with the first film but kept a secret and released later. This film begins with one of the 5 students taxed with filming the video yearbook as he abandons his assignment in favor of telling his own personal life story. As he begins to talk and film himself at home and school, you realize that he is bullied heavily and an outcast. He tells you that this is his final life story and he is planning his own ending the following week. The film begins an 11 day count down to the events of the first film. He is the 5th cameraman that was assumed to have died or put down his camera during the chaos when in fact he is filming the events from his point of view as they unfold (a teaser of which can slightly be seen in the first film as he is seen passing one of the cameras and a glimpse of a camera can be seen attached to himself). The film also continues while inter-splicing later news footage about news magazine reports leading up to the shocking ending of the first film, with more insight.THE IMPACTI believe this film is more important now than ever. I originally began work on the film in 1999, with my high school at the time granting permission to shoot at the school, which they later rescinded in the wake of the Columbine shootings that same year. Now, with bullying on the rise and a hot topic for awareness campaigns, I believe this film can be a warning and a reminder of what bullying and outcast can lead to if we continue to ignore this major problem in our schools. I will be trying several rounds of funding. If I do not get all of the funding, I will shoot what I can when I can, though shooting all at once would be preferential for scheduling and continuity reasons. If we do not meet our goal, the money will still be used to further this project as far as we can.WHY WE NEED THE MONEY - WHAT DO YOU GET?We need money for cameras, memory, editing equipment, food/drinks, location rentals and salaries for some crew and cast as well as potential money for submission to film festivals in the future, though another round of funding might be needed for that. In return, you will get the various perks listed to the right for your generous donations to this important project.OTHER WAYS TO HELPYou can always help by donating money outside of this website. Please email info@1028designs.com or send us a message on here to find out how else you can be involved. And, of course, please use the share tools to send this to your facebook, twitter, digg and more! IN CLOSINGWe appreciate your help and funding for this project. We believe this film can make a positive difference and is strong enough to be a viable contender at various film festivals across the world.