** STEVE CASE PLEASE JOIN US!!! ** Steve Case has been my internet hero ever since AOL stormed through the online scene under his legendary leadership. His method was so... well, "unique," it ignited a worldwide revolution against technological roadblocks and transformed them into stepping stones that would change history: Instead of millions (and later billions) of people going through a cheese maze of computer instructions that they didn't understand, ONE man, hired a relatively small crew, to sit down and write a software program... to remove the complexity of getting online, and replace it with a SINGLE-CLICK SIMPLICITY. Now, even though some 20 years of innovation have past, don't be disappointed that even the most reliable algorithm on a dating site won't find your perfect match with just one click; you gotta do some work! Regardless of how superior it is, until DNA from a strand of hair or drop of sweat is all we need, you'll still have to indicate your preferences, (and the more you input, the closer a match you'll find)... but I too have that same "revolutionary" attitude towards simplifying: I do all the work behind the scenes, while you spend quality time answering (and asking) only the questions that are most relevant and important to you, just once, instead of wasting time and money [on gas, salons, clothes, etc and...] going on disappointing date after disappointing date, over and over. Or even worse, getting caught up in a relationship before realizing you've let your same guard down, and made the same mistake(s) again... It is time to break that cycle: as it stands now you're either rolling the dice on free sites that offer little to nothing in the way of finding you compatible matches, or you're stuck paying staggering rip-off subscription rates, for features that end up being good for nothing but netting you mailboxes full of soldiers stuck overseas, "sponsored" messages for Russian brides, and Nigerian money-order scams, that all started in the 90s and continue to plague all dating sites to this day, free and subscription alike! Even though we do anticipate that the technological resources we'll be utilizing in our subscriber algorithm will demand substantially higher rates than kickstarters will be enjoying, all members at any time in the future will be getting what they should have expected from dating sites all along: living-breathing human matches, that they select, and share information with, and meet, at their pace. Overall - as many have learned - dating sites do a cringe-worthy 1-star job of filtering unwanted (and uninvited, and un-welcomed) "matches:" they stack profiles with "mandatory" information that is worthless to a meaningful, healthy, lasting relationship, then instead of taking the resources necessary to formulate accurate compatibility algorithms with all that data, they simply FAKE it: http://www.people.com/article/okcupid-manipulate-match-compability Or even worse, they go the other route and hardly ask for any information at all, because they're not intended for relationships, but instead encourage quick meets (and even quicker, repeated "views") and essentially discourage getting to know someone, then don't even give you a chance to change your mind, stimulate ego boosts from counting "YES" votes.., and increase the value of their advertising after bloating their figures by generating app downloads, clicks, and repeat site visits. Though its being developed with marriage in mind, the customized profiles of thebetterdatingsite.com will work at every level of a relationship. We're designing a USEFUL, FUNCTIONING system of repeatedly updating filter, matching, and search features not found on other dating sites, that will let you find common interests in religion, politics, income, profession/career... any and every category that's essential to you, not advertisers... and if we don't already have it, you can add your own. We'll also generate revenues in ways that other sites, dating or otherwise, have not tapped, including via a non-intrusive, even targeted advertising system, and also directly from the site's members (in addition to subscription fees), to fuel the site's growth and longevity (and therefore increase your potential matches). Every kickstarter backer will permanently grandfather into full-feature "deluxe" membership until they are married, AND they can transfer the membership (via gift or re-sell) to one other person (whether you all marry someone from the site or not). The transferrable kickstarter reward is valid until the membership is activated (not just purchased), so currently married (or engaged) kickstarters (or anyone who knows they will not use the site) can not only buy as many memberships as they want, then gift (or re-sell) their unused membership, but recipients can transfer the deluxe membership, one time. (ALL kickstarter memberships (and transfers) must be verified; (no additional transfer or activation fees involved. Minimal other restrictions apply.) If you look at other sites, they occasionally appear to have potential because of some unique feature they advertise, but when you sign up, they either 1) charge an inhibitive fee upfront, without even letting you see and feel how these functions work in action (and not just in words), or 2) the function simply does not work the way the advertising implies (or both); site after site, they're all just SCREAMING for one site that actually does what they claim to do, or even if its not a particular feature, people still use dating sites... newsflash::TO DATE, that is, to find people they are interested in actually meeting!? But the sites have droves of members with endless complaints of "matches" that they have no attraction to or interest in, and also broken promises to meet (and broken hearts as a result). Along with other filters, thebetterdatingsite.com will allow the community of users to [fairly] rate other users on a variety of categories, including the accuracy of their photos and profiles, and also their reliability and integrity, but without demonizing or criticizing the right of any and every member to choose, at any time, who they date, why, why not, or to not give or even have any reason at all for it; it's one thing to change your mind, its another thing entirely for someone married to say they're single just because their spouse is out of town. Over the past couple of years, one of the most frustrating consequences, of a back-burner, no-deadline, under-funded project like this, has been watching active, popular sites occasionally announce some new feature... that I had been working on, but which came to me because they only seemed like the natural solution (or a perfect fit) to a repeated gaping hole in the dating site experience. I can show you emails to my partners, dated way before these articles : https://zoosk.zendesk.com/entries/56881770-What-is-Zoosk-Photo-Verification-and-how-can-I-get-it- (thebetterdatingsite.com's photo-verification process will be more detailed and reliable) http://lasvegas.cbslocal.com/2014/06/23/match-com-using-facial-recognition-technology-to-help-users-find-dates-that-look-like-exes/ Not a dating site, and not necessarily the most pleasant subject to think about while you're "dating," but It took what, over a decade, for facebook to finally partner with organ donor and missing children organizations? MY idea! (Just today, at the launch of this kickstarter campaign, I noticed this: http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-35070858... (but why is it only in the UK?? Is that the only place people need organs!??)) And although the DateOrEliminate™ process implies similarities to Tinder and AYI, what it doesn't tell you is that our project has been in development since long before both of those launched. And where they leave off - (shallow, practically nameless hook-ups, attached to the ruse of "numerous mutual facebook interests and [quasi-]friends", most of whom you really don't even know, and probably would not be intimate friends with if you did (see https://www.yahoo.com/health/150-friends-on-facebook-youre-close-to-only-4-165400003.html) - when these are the kind of friends you need if they're going to influence your relationship decision-making; even Tinder's lame attempt at connecting people by the common pages they "like..." weren't 90% of your "likes" for someone else (probably a stranger)?) - thebetterdatingsite.com is more than happy to take over. So kickstarter became the next natural solution; most of this initial funding will be for obtaining whatever intellectual property protections may be available for the features and functions that will set thebetterdatingsite.com apart from similar sites. And we're talking leaps and bounds here, not in name alone. If it turns out that enough of these unique features are not eligible or qualified for legal, patent or trademark protection, then introducing them gradually will not be an option, and funding will be re-directed to building and launching the site as quickly as possible, with all the features included (before other sites continue to incorporate and utilize, and gain my acclaim, from them!)... Some of these are going to require partnerships with various businesses and services that will need to be woven into our infrastructure, starting with an impenetrable security system, so that members feel safe with providing personal data to us, not only for our payment and verification/background services, but also our advertisers. And some features that are already protected by other companies, may be accessible through licensing agreements, which this early funding will also be used for. Note the campaign closes on Valentines Day, but we don't anticipate launching the site until mid-2016. View our current "Under Construction" page (which is itself under construction!) at dateoreliminate.net Risks and challenges This dehumanized mobile age of supposed simplicity and instant gratification does not want to hear that they need to take time, and put in effort, for anything. Many haven’t even noticed that for them this includes personal interaction and relationships, or even those that have, still find themselves addicted to swiping to that next photo (a phenomenon we already witnessed near the dawn of the internet with Hot or Not… a cute little concept that had run its course, but is rearing its head in different forms once again.) And although of course thebetterdatingsite.com will have a fully-accessible, state-of-the-art mobile site and app, we are designing the experience for people who realize that in the same amount of time it takes them to plan, get ready, for, and go on, JUST ONE not-so-great date (see # 3!) - http://www.top10bestdatingsites.com/top-10-trending-facts-about-online-dating… - they could dust off their computer keyboard, answer [ONLY those] questions they feel are important and relevant to finding a successful date and then relationship, THEN get on with their mobile lives while our love incubator finds them WHO THEY'RE LOOKING FOR (and NOT a random guess). They would still be able to use their phone instead of their computer, for any part of the site, including the registration and compatibility test, but we'd like to think some people wouldn't mind budgeting their time to include relaxing in a chair for a while, without wondering what they're missing by not being on the road somewhere with their phone... for the sake of the person out there who they'll eventually match with, who may just be in front of their own computer screen also, working on the same goal. Whether or not we can catch the interest of enough people who are intelligent enough to calculate the value of the time and money (and heartache) they'll SAVE by joining thebetterdatingsite.com, would remain to be seen. While the overwhelming majority of users may prefer the speedy/bypass sign-up for the free membership, the smaller but hopefully steady and growing minority subscribers, would have to support whatever shortfall may incur from dependence on advertising revenues alone. Also, it is unknown if any or all of the presumed unique features for this site are already legally protected by other individuals or entities. Although the novelty of these features may not be necessary for thebetterdatingsite.com to succeed as a match maker, other elements of the site, including favorable licensing agreements, must attract the required user base to sustain revenues and profitability. So... buy a few memberships and share them with friends.., and be sure to share the link to this campaign with everyone you know Learn about accountability on Kickstarter