Audio Venture is a musical game that generates the track and gameplay based upon the track of your choosing. With multiple game modes available, there will always (hopefully) be something fun to do. Throughout all of the game modes, the track will be generated, and the players ship will fly at variable speeds based upon the spectrum data of the song at that moment in time. In addition to that, each mode will have its own "success meter", which will deplete if you do not perform adequately enough. If this meter gets low enough, it will cause you to fail the song and be kicked out to the scoreboard with a large penalty to your experience multiplier. Post-Game Scoreboard Starpocalypse - Fly through the level and collect gold stars while avoiding red stars. Collect white stars to fuel your powers. In this mode, the two powers are: expanded collection radius, and slow motion.Matching mode (name pending) - Closely related to starpocalypse, but instead of just collecting the gold and avoiding the red, you will need to chain as many stars of one color as you can without hitting another color. If you hit another color, you will then have your chain destroyed and must start another chain of the color you hit.Invaders! - This mode is a shooter styled game mode. Your ship will fly through the level as usual, but instead of stars, enemy ships will appear and try to shoot your ship down, so you must destroy them before they destroy you. Waves of enemies are randomly generated and have quite a few possibilities, including boss fights. Starter Ship While you play the game and finish songs, you will accumulate experience and upgrade points. Upgrades will be unlocked at certain levels and you can purchase these perks for upgrade points. You may upgrade things such as your powers, passive point generation, the drain rate of your power meter, and the list goes on. This will primarily be a PC/Mac game. Chances are I will not have the available funds to purchase licenses for mobile devices since they are quite costly. My initial intentions were to release it on PC, Android and iPhone. If the game is received well enough, it is likely that I will port it to the mobile systems. Personally, I do not like the idea of a "stretch goal" because I do not believe games should only have *insert mechanic here* if we reach this pledge amount. If I like the idea enough, and others will too, it will probably make it into the game. These stretch goals are just here for the people that like them. Do note that things like "greatly improved graphics" will probably end up in the game even if we don't reach it. I am only a programmer and a mediocre designer. I am not qualified in the least bit to make my own models, sounds, or artwork, so I must hire people to fill out the empty spaces. The licensing for this is also not cheap since it requires Unity Pro (though I will probably pay out-of-pocket for this to put the money towards the content of the game). Comparison of Unity pro and free version post processing effects Risks and challenges I have passed most (if not all) of the programming challenges at this point, so fundamentally, the game will not have to change (or be cancelled for that matter). The only thing I can foresee is delays due to contractors and getting their work put into the build. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter