BackgroundThis project started two years ago, when I decided to create the most visually compelling online encyclopedia. While looking around for details about certain countries I planned to visit, I quickly realized that most websites only offer information in the form of large blocks of text, occasionally peppered with ads and other non-related or distracting visual elements. Other sites required payment up front for these country reports, while travel sites were geared towards selling their services. So, I set the intention to create a free of charge, very concise ads-free website that will summarize all the vital information on one page for each country and territory in the world. In addition to that, I will write one or two stories about that country from my personal experiences. As a whole, the encyclopedia is meant to be an objective source of accurate information blended with positive stories that emphasize the uniqueness of each place. Present state As previously mentioned, this project has been in development for almost 2 years: gathering photos and information, drawing maps in Illustrator, creating collages and interactive infographics, coding each page, writing blurbs about countries and cities, but most of all - traveling around the world to collect those experiences. Currently, I have one page created for each country and territory. Some have all the information (photos, maps, coat of arms, data, blurbs) whereas others have most of it except for the main image and the summary. It takes 2-3 days worth of work to set up each page and that does not include writing the stories. Most of the descriptions are either copied from Wikipedia or use placeholder text for the time being. Future plans In order to finish this project, I am planning on taking 18 months off work and travel to as many countries as possible, collecting stories, taking photos and interacting with the local communities. Once on the road, I will be providing updates from each country or region, in the form of photos, videos and also by updating the blog. My contribution so far Aside from working for 2 years on this project, I have also spent over $30,000 traveling to countries in Asia, Africa, North America, South America and Europe in order to collect information (photos, stories, experiences).Pledges$25, $50, $75 - mentioned on a special page under PROJECT SPONSORS tab in chronological order: first backers will have their name at the top. Category I ($75), Category II ($50) and Category III ($25) SILVER SPONSORS ($100 or more) SILVER sponsors GOLD SPONSORS ($200 or more) GOLD sponsors PLATINUM SPONSORS ($300 or more) PLATINUM sponsors $500 or more PAGE SPECIFIC SPONSORS (only 10 per page). Once you make your contribution, email me with your country preference to secure one of only ten spots for that page. Your name will appear on the website in less than 24 hours from the receipt of your email. PAGE SPONSORS ($500) $1000 or more PAGE MADE POSSIBLE BY (limit one per page). Once you make your contribution, email me with your country preference to secure your unique title for that page. Your name will appear on the website in less than 24 hours from the receipt of your email. PAGE MADE POSSIBLE BY recognition ($1000) Risks and challenges In embarking to explore EVERY single country and territory in this world, certain risks and challenges regarding conflict areas, outbreaks (such as Ebola, MERS or H1N1) and visa restrictions could very easily arise. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter