What is the KNK Force?The KNK Force is a dual-head, computerized plotter with a twist. Most "conventional plotters" use a solenoid for a cutting head. The KNK Force uses a motor. This means it is a true 3 axis cutter! Early rendering of the KNK Force cutting head Why two heads? For twice as much action! In one step you can stipple and emboss, emboss and cut, engrave and cut, draw and emboss... the possibilities are endless! The KNK Force is for makers. Whether you're a crafter, DIY enthusiast, student, teacher, inventor or business owner, the KNK Force is the perfect tool for you!The KNK Force is Powerful!With our new head design, we have approximately 8.8 lbs of force (both up and down). That's over 5X the cutting pressure of the KNK Zing and Zing Air! And with our new blade holder design, we still have the ability to cut delicate materials, like vinyl. The KNK Force Has a Rotary Tool Option! One of the motivations behind our new head design was the ability to use a rotary tool. In order to properly control a spindle, we needed to be able to do a few things: Control the plunge speed Control the depth Lift the weight of a heavy rotary tool This optional attachment greatly expands the range of materials the Force is capable of cutting and engraving. We've been cutting materials, such as wood and PVC at 1/8" thickness. With a few more adjustments to the firmware, we should be able to achieve 1/4" with some materials!The KNK Force has a Camera! Image showing a reg mark and how it appears to the user on their computer monitor or smart device We've always taken the stance that traditional craft cutter optic eyes have some shortcomings. For example, they have difficulty recognizing registration marks in low-contrast situations. We've developed our own take on an "optic eye" by using a built-in camera. This grants us the ability to do both automatic and manual print and cuts as well as easily calibrate any combination of accessories in the dual cutting heads. The KNK Force is Smart! Early stage screen capture of the KNK C3 software The KNK Force has a built-in computer, allowing you to open and cut existing SVG files. Also, you can control the KNK Force from virtually ANY device with an operating system! Plus, you can seamlessly switch from one device to another. Send the file from your PC or Mac, then switch to your smartphone or tablet, while standing right next to the cutter! We've also made sure the KNK Force will work directly with other software applications. For example, Make The Cut will support the KNK Force, allowing you to bypass the built-in KNK C3 software. In other words, if you're used to cutting with a cutter like the KNK Zing Air or MAXX Air, you'll be right at home.The KNK Force is Wireless! A side view of the KNK Force reveals the Ethernet and WiFi Connection We wanted the KNK Force to be a true network device. Now you can add it to your home network via Ethernet or connect to it via WiFi (included with every KNK Force).The KNK Force Has Built-in Storage! Fold-down table offers compartment-style organization The built-in storage and drop down table allows you to store all of your tools, blades, blade holders and other goodies, to help keep your work space clutter free!Rewards:$25 - KNK Force T-shirt and a big Thank you!$575 - KNK Force Super Early Bird Special - Shipping in November 2015$599 - KNK Force Early Bird - Shipping in December 2015$599 - KNK Force - Shipping in January 2016$599 - KNK Force - Shipping in February 2016Stretch Goals: $125K - 3 additional blades. Each backer will receive a total of 2 standard material, 2 thick material and 1 fabric blade. $150K - 2 additional cutting mats. Each backer will receive a total of 3 15" x 15" Cutting mats. $175K - Extra bladeholder: Each backer will receive a total of 2 bladeholders. This will allow you to house 2 different blade types without swapping out! $200K - An Embossing tool: This tool will allow you to create awesome embossed designs. Timeline: Here at KLIC-N-KUT, we're passionate about making equipment to enhance and enrich the creative process. We create products that we want to use ourselves. We truly love how the KNK Force has turned out, and we're extremely excited to see what you will create with your own! Specifications: In The Box: KNK Force Power adapter Ethernet cable WiFi adapter (installed) Blade holder 2 blades (1 standard material & 1 thick material) Test pen 15" x 15" Cutting mat Risks and challenges We have been developing and providing our own equipment and tools for well over a decade. We have earned a name for ourselves by providing high quality products and backing that up with phenomenal support. With any new project, there are always challenges and potential obstacles we might face. However, we are beyond the development stage and parts of the production process have already begun. We are quite certain that we will be able to overcome any potential issues and deliver on time. Should we run into any unexpected issues, we promise to keep everyone updated and aware of our continued progress. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter