Discover Italy Through PhotographyThe goal of the project is to make a photo book of Italy: a collection of pictures of the most beautiful and representative monuments that can be admired in this country, from north to south. The project The project is to make a trip across all Italy by car and, if necessary, by bicycle, for an estimated period of about 6 months during which I will take the pictures that will compose the book; the idea is to create a photographic guide that can show the extreme beauty of this country. The book "will speak" only with images, in fact for each visited town the photo book will have: - A map, in which any visited sites will be located and identified with a number; - A photo, to each number on the map it will correspond one or more pictures. The book will not be a traditional tour guide but simply an album of photographs of Italy, so, inside the book, you will only find images and maps. Italy is a beautiful country, rich in history, and the most beautiful things to see are often located in small towns and not only in big cities; that's why I decided to cross the country by car and by bicycle. In this way, traveling from one big city to another, I will have the chance to go to take pictures even to the smallest villages between them, because they are often the ones that better represent the true history of this country. Assisi, Piazza Inferiore San Francesco (Italy) The photo book will not be distributed in digital version; the philosophy behind this choice is simple: a traveler might find its device with low batteries, so it's important that the book is printed and, so that, always available! The route I'm going to follow will pass through over 40 big towns across the country, from north to south, from Trieste to Santa Maria di Leuca; therefore, since the intention is to capture even the most beautiful and small villages scattered in the province, I'll go to visit many more than 40 sites. Matera (Southern Italy) Currently I do not know the exact number of the places I'll go to visit because it will depend on the budget (and on number of backers who will support the project!). My personal budget to start this project is about € 5,000, but € 60,000 are needed to make the entire trip, so I'll be able to go to take pictures at least in 40 locations in mainland and islands. The book will be produced in different volumes, each of them will show a specific part of Italy; the idea is to produce 4 volumes: one for the north, one for the center, one for the south and one for the islands. Alberobello (Italy) Each volume will be produced in 6,3 "x7,4" format and will contain up to 120 pages, so that each volume can be the most practical and lightweight as possible, therefore, easy to transport and to consult. Schedule: - February / March 2016, route planning and logistics base; - April 2016, starting! - October / November 2016, layout; - December 2016, printing and shipping. Thank you! Thanks in advance to everyone who will support this project but also to whom are just reading this. Thank you. Risks and challenges I'd really like to make this project come true and show people, wherever they live, beautiful places from a beautiful country which is Italy! I am sure there will be no challanges I can't go through to finish this. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter