College can be one of the most stressful times in life, especially financially. All College will help relieve some of this stress through being the primary outlet for students to find money saving opportunities. Remember, 92% of the 1000 students we talked to said that they want and need an outlet like All College.Our Team: Jon Cooke – Co-Founder of All College and current Undergrad at ASU Kijhan Thomas – Co-Founder of All College and current Undergrad at ASU Nigel Brooks – Former Sr. VP of American Express, Current Principal of TechKnowPartners. Soraya Ali-Hope – Former VP of Marketing at Revlon, Current president of Octagon Marketing GroupMary Nevius – Web Developer and Principal at Webiedesign. Peter Adams – Founder and President of Ping! Development Matthew Johnston – All College team member and current undergrad at ASU Read what The Arizona State Press had to say:http://www.statepress.com/2014/01/27/all-college-app-brings-community-students-together/A HUGE marketing opportunity for college town businesses! Right now, for small businesses, it's extremely hard to succeed in our economy. All College will put local small business front-and-center, by engulfing them within an online student community.All College will also help students look for employment and allow them to interact with their peers within their specific university communities. We want to bring each college community together and offer a sanctuary for students to focus on saving money and peer interaction. All College is made by college students, for college students! We understand and identified the pain points that students have financially and socially, and have created the solution that they require. Through expansion we hope to be at every major university on a national level. "If we can get it to work in Tempe and Arizona State University, we can take that to any college in the world. The concept is duplicatable!" - Former Senior Vice President of American Express, Current Partner at Tech Know Partners, Nigel Brooks. This year we also received recognition in:Phoenix New Timeshttp://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/jackalope/2013/09/phoenix_seed_spot_business.php?page=3Phoenix Business Journal.http://www.bizjournals.com/phoenix/news/2013/09/13/seed-spot-announces-new-venture.html?page=all By contributing, you are helping us pay for marketing campaigns, programming expenses, and several other start up cost. These will include:Student/Business marketing Hosting and Maintenance fees Programming fees Rewards and shipping for contributors All College launch event Contributors:Parents of students - Parents, ultimately you are the financial support for your child to go to college. All College gives your child the resources to become more financially stable, which can only help you out in the long run. All of the money they save is money you save!Business owners - As stated above, All College's business model aids in keeping money spent by students, in the local economies across the nation. We want to support the local college communities and their small businesses. Alumni - For the alumni across the globe, you too know what it's like to struggle saving money, look for jobs, or even find ways to sell your unused textbooks and other items! All College will be the primary outlet for students, who are just like you were, to save money and find ways to get money throughout college.Anyone - Supporters of higher education who want to take some of the stress out of the lives of students who are struggling with financial stability. If you know anyone in college or believe in strong education, help students stay in school by allowing them to save money and use that money towards their education or other financial necessities in their life. If you have any questions or are interested in learning more about All College, feel free to contact us at: Jon@allcollege.usorKijhan@allcollege.us Risks and challenges As a start up, one of the main challenges will be to maintain the amount of user engagement on our app by finding innovative ways to bring those users back onto the app multiple times a day. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter