In February 2016 the Cory Band from Wales (UK) has been booked to perform five concerts in the USA and we’re excited about it. It’ll be 40 years since Cory last performed in America, when it was invited to represent Wales as part of the Bicentennial Celebrations. 40 years is a long wait for a return trip.We’re playing in Virginia, Delaware, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey. The Cory Band is an award-winning brass band which has been the No.1 brass band in the world for the last eight consecutive years - we’ve won every possible title including UK, European and World Champions. We regularly travel throughout Europe and in 2013 performed a 10 date concert tour of Australia. We get about. Brass Bands you say? Really? But maybe not as you know them. Our repertoire runs through stirring British classics to favourite movie themes and classical music. Want a touch of Hoagy Carmichael’s Stardust, followed up by the theme from James Bond, a flirtation with Star Wars and a little space travel with Holst’s Planets Suite? Yep, we do that. This brass band from the Welsh Valleys will send you into orbit with its extraordinary virtuosity, showmanship and heartfelt emotion. Use the force and support the tour. Our musicians are ready to wow concert halls over the pond (why should the rest of the world get all the good stuff?) and the band has confirmed bookings in place but we need your help to make this a reality. We have 30 world class players and they need your funding support to help with transatlantic flights, internal travel costs and VISAs to perform in the USA. If we can make this tour happen we promise you a show to remember for years to come. What they said about the Australia Tour: “Anyone who wasn't there - you don't know what you missed” “Thanks for the fabulous show last night. Loved it. Great music and spectacular performances” Please support this amazing band with this exciting concert tour which will wow audiences, provide educational support and inspire a new generation of brass band players in America. Risks and challenges Timescale challenge with the processing of required Visa applications for touring party. Risk with potential adverse weather conditions during tour. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter