Already a backer? Nice! You can add extra rewards to your current tier if you so desire. (Remember - There’s no need to change your tier. Just add the amount; we'll see it, along with a note from you during the survey): Add $10 - Digital soundtrack for the game Add $10 - Alpha & Beta access Add $20 - Additional copy of the game for any platform Add $10 - Survival bracelet Add $25 - Exclusive T-shirt Add $25 - Slim leather wallet For physical goods, you need to add shipment costs: Add $15 for US Add $20 for International The Wild Eight is a co-op survival game with a mysterious storyline featuring a procedurally-generated world. We need your support to release it by the end of 2016! The game tells the story of eight people whose everyday lives are forever changed after a horrific plane crash. They now find themselves stranded in the middle of nowhere, deep in the forests of Alaska. Welcome to a world without civilization, where you and the other survivors are at the mercy of nature — and wild animals starved by the cold! While the survivors await rescue, their lives are threatened by a number of mysterious entities, unseen creatures and objects that definitely don’t belong in this world. And the deeper you go, the harder it gets to survive. Through the storyline you’ll desperately try to reach help on the radio, but no one’ll answer you. Something is wrong here. In here is no room for mistakes: if you went hunting but forgot to cut some wood for the fire before nightfall, you’re dead. If you didn’t have time to cook your meat, you might have to eat it raw — and if you don’t have medicine, you’ll surely die from food poisoning. To stay alive, you’ll need to scavenge and craft like a pro. You can play The Wild Eight on your own, but the game fully opens up in co-op mode. Other players are your only backup — either by sharing resources or covering your back! Even if you were mauled by wolves and "you died" appears onscreen, your teammate can still resuscitate you with a defibrillator (which are very rare to find, by the way). Release Date: December 2016 (Steam) Languages: English, Spanish, German, French, Russian, Japanese Platforms: Windows, Linux, Mac, Xbox One, PlayStation 4 Website: thewildeight.com A Mysterious World Outside Time and Space The game world is a little like a chessboard. It’s made out of tiles, and each of them is unique. At the start of the game, every tile is used to randomly generate a new world and distinct locations for each quest. Time here moves fast: Temperature drops as it gets darker (you’ll need a bonfire!), and you’ll also need to secure some food if you intend to survive until morning. Weather varies from sunny to severe storms, with duration and intensity randomly decided by the game engine.Are They All Friends? Survive and explore the forest side by side with other players or go solo. Cooperation is the right way to face this harsh world — that is, until a psycho is revealed to be part of the group! Will he or she go for the prize... or taste human flesh?Survival is Not a Given Death is at every corner — especially hunger and cold. Make sure to secure a constant supply of food by hunting or gathering, and spend time to cook it so that you stay healthy and warm. New Skills = Better Chances Leveling up is represented by linear categories, which are divided by related quests. Just as in real life, if someone suddenly turns away from civilization, he or she has to start by learning the basics: how to make a fire, how to navigate the woods, and how to craft armor, spears, bows — along with more sophisticated tools and weapons. Crafting is the Only Way to Stay Alive There are two types of crafting: on the go, and at the workshop. You can build base equipment like flares or basic weapons on the go. At the workshop, you have more resources: it is now possible to create and upgrade complicated objects such as custom backpacks, traps, bandages, and lots of other useful trinkets. Motivation The game’s plot is divided into a main campaign and additional quests. You can finish the game without completing a single side quest; however, side quests are essential if you want to have a shot at a happy ending. We’ll split the story into three; each one will be associated with the current location. When the location of the main story is initially generated, the location of all side quests will be randomly defined — placing key events in locations equally distant from one another. Your Choice: Killing Vs. Running The game features two types of creatures: passive and aggressive. Passive are animals that don’t want to harm you. These are the easiest to hunt for: rabbits, deer, wild boars, etc. Passive behavior can also differ; for example, rabbits run away when you approach, while boars always try to fight back. Aggressive animals can and will kill you in a head-to-head scramble. You’ll need to run or kill them with a good weapon. Keep in mind that even one bite might ruin everything; you’ll start to bleed immediately and there is only one chance to stay alive: bandaging yourself. The soundtrack plays a key role in conveying the emotional undertones of the game to players. We are currently working on the main theme, which you'll hear during gameplay at different times. Here are a couple of tracks hosted on Soundcloud: A vertical layering interactive music system maximizes player immersion in The Wild Eight. Music will be composed of different layers, which can be switched on and off depending on what’s taking place in-game. In August 2015, we were about to make a racing game with guns (like Twisted Metal), but we decided that it would be best to make a game based on life itself. Our life, that is — something that we remember from childhood. So in September, we assembled a team of eight people. Each of us had previous experience in game development, so we knew what to do and what it took to ship a game. We were ready to work late, get almost no sleep, work on weekends — and fully devote ourselves to the game. By the end of 2015, we came up with the core gameplay loop and made it into a a small demo with all the necessary design elements and 3D models. We spent all of January getting ready for the first announcement, which took place on February 11th. Today we have already reached alpha. We're now working on multiplayer, quests, animations, and more — which is why we need your help! The Wild Eight will be released for Windows, Mac, Linux, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. The exact release schedule will depend on the success of this Kickstarter campaign — and more specifically, on the stretch goals. We will need to significantly expand our resources and budget in order to ensure a “day one” release on all platforms. We have been developing The Wild Eight for half a year. We’ve all made financial sacrifices to get it this far. To finish it, we’ll need your help! We are planning to release the game on PC, Mac and Linux by December 2016. Console versions will follow based on the studio’s resources and the overall performance of the Kickstarter campaign. If we have a big success on our hands and our stretch goals are met, we will do everything we can to deliver a day-and-date release on all major console platforms along with PC, Mac and Linux. In order to finish The Wild Eight, we’ll need to grow our team. Accordingly, most of our budget will go to salaries, office expenses, and outsourcing sound and quality assurance/testing. 8 Points was founded in 2015. We’re all from different studios, where many of us had been working on casual games. We quickly realized our passion was not with casual titles, but for deeply immersive experiences — which led the team to The Wild Eight! Pretending to be rock stars in front of the famous Lena Pillars Our team consists of 9 developers: 4 programmers, 3 artists, CEO, and CMO. We live in one of the strangest and coldest places on Earth: It’s called Yakutia, where people eat bears for breakfast, develop games for lunch, and gather firewood for dinner — because electricity is too expensive. Who else would know anything about surviving in the wild if not us? Steam-key or digital copy of the game for Xbox One/PS4. Digital soundtrack pack consisting of 10 high-quality tracks from the game. Gather an access for Beta & Alpha versions of the game (Steam only). Be the first to try the latest build straight from the developers. Survivor bracelet with The Wild Eight logo made of metal & tough rope. With an ability to untangle & use it as an ordinary rope. Slim leather wallet. We still haven’t decide which wallet looks better so we thought that it would be better to poll about that issue. Which is better? It’s up to you! T-shirt with The Wild Eight logo. Now it is only a prototype of it, but we promise to make it high quality with a picture that’ll last as the ordinary one. Credits backer. Your name in the game credits as a backer. Digital portrait. Our designer will draw a portrait of you in the setting of the game. Executive backer. Your name and digital portrait on the top of game credits. You inside the game. We’ll add you inside one of the side quests as an NPC. Part of the team. You will discuss and create a side quest as part of the dev team! Survival trip. A trip to frozen horizonless Yakutia, where you’ll take a number of surviving lessons in a real arctic life, have a ride on a sled dogs and meet the developers. Travel and lodging expenses are included. Pack X2 (Steam only). Pack X4 (Steam only). Pack X8 (Steam only). Crazy Early Bird (200 limited). Early Bird (400 limited). Early Bird Pack X4 (100 limited, Steam only). If you have any questions about pledging or about different reward tiers, feel free to get in touch with us on thewildeight@gmail.com or Facebook. “When I first was told about The Wild Eight, I was expecting another cookie-cutter indie game, but this is definitely something different. One of the good ones. It’s got many components of a standout game - stylish graphics, captivating atmosphere, a compelling narrative hook, mysteries that beg to be investigated, and heavy consequences for player choices. I don’t play games often anymore, but this is one of the few that has my mouth watering.” – Zach Hanks, Voice Actor & Director Whether you’ve backed us or not, we want to sincerely thank you your interest in our project. We are constantly working on the game and would love to share some interesting news through our social networks. Looking forward to seeing you take part in The Wild Eight communities on Facebook and Twitter! Risks and challenges We fully intend to release The Wild Eight on Steam in Fall 2016. However, when developing a game, there are all sorts of unexpected events that might affect production. We will do our best to stick to the schedule — but no matter how hard we try, we cannot predict the future or what is going to happen. Quality assurance might take a little longer than expected, and a few features may not be so easy or interesting enough to build into the final game. However, with our talented team of developers, we believe that we can accomplish everything we set our minds to! We won’t release the game unless it’s polished — so there’s a chance that we’ll need to delay the release date a bit. We promise to keep you informed about any issue that may impact production. It makes all the difference in the world to have you help us realize our dream — and we are incredibly grateful for your support! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter