The biggest deception of this World and our current economic system is deeply indoctrinated belief that EFFICIENCY means short term benefit. EFFICIENCY means SUSTAIN - ABILITY Freedom is not in controlling or manipulating with others. Freedom is in controlling ourselves and understanding others because humans are born to live free...The purpose of this project is to allow infinite flow of ideas through direct feedback from consumers which will help consumers as well as businesses to protect free market and quality of their products and services. If you want this global war and infinite conflicts of interests between corporations to end and if you love life please join us and Govern yourself out of this Divide and Conquer digital mind slavery... We are building an interactive site that will incorporate and link all government departments, businesses and community events with direct feedback from consumers which will help businesses to adjust and expand beyond products and services they already have prior to been affected by stock market exchange which is currently run by the way of Casino as well as to prevent all scams, false advertising, hacking wars and endless conflicts of interests between corporations. These project is intended to be a part of SHOW ME the WORLD interactive site that would incorporate and link all government departments, businesses and community events in one well regulated and administered web site which would promote all businesses on fair basis with no room for scams, false advertising, corruption, hacking wars or endless conflicts of interests between corporations because it would allow infinite flow of ideas through direct feedback from consumers. This project would in the future meet Google and Microsoft half way in our mutual mission of connecting businesses and communities through share of knowledge and information. If you are keen to take a part in this project and if you are able to recognize real value and not just price you would already probably know that crowdfunding projects involve zero risk because only once project is launched any investment would be reimbursed through advertising and marketing on this ought to be the most popular web site in the World. However any potential hackers or corporate copycats please note - this project is too big to be either hacked or copied but you are always welcomed to start your own part of the biggest campaign in the entire history of human kind in your place of residence. If you receive GIVE. If you learn TEACH. The only true logic forever known to human heart. The rest is nothing more but a self destructive conditioning. "Once you have the knowledge you have responsibility to do something about it" ~ Ron Paul Same as yourself this page is here for a reason. Not excuse. Respect is reflection. Not just conditioning. Fear is the Enemy and Love is the Light. WE ARE ONE and WE ARE MANY... WE ARE the MEDIA... Risks and challenges The only challenge could be selfishness. People are social and curious beings and for that reason anyone is welcomed to participate in this ought to be the biggest campaign in the entire history of human kind. If you receive give. If you learn teach. The only true logic forever known to human heart. The rest is nothing more but a self destructive conditioning. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter