Stealth Makes Core Exercise Fun, Effective and Time SavingStealth is the very first video game integrated core trainer. Forget boring crunches. Imagine having fun while you exercise, focusing on high scores instead of counting out reps. Stealth brings mobile gaming into your workouts so you can get results by having fun. In less than 3 minutes a day, you can fit your core training workout in to your schedule as easily as brushing your teeth. Getting started with Stealth couldn’t be easier. Just download the Stealth gaming app, place your smartphone into the designated slot, get into the plank position and start playing. Believe us when we say: "You'll forget you are even working out!" With the unique experience Stealth offers, it's not surprising top press has begun to take notice! Stealth GamesOur games are currently in the beta phase and as a Kickstarter backer, you'll have exclusive control over how our games improve over time. Not only will you be able to help us pick our very first game releases but we'll also open the doors to independent game developers to help us create games of any level of sophistication. What's the only rule for Stealth games? They have to be tons of fun! You okay with that?! Beta Version of a Core-Controlled Stealth Mobile Game We're starting simple and fun but there is no end to the complexity we can inject into these games together. Be a part of helping us build and test games by backing our project so we can bring a whole new level of play to the gym.Stealth’s mini-games are designed to never play out the same way, so you'll always be in store for something new and exciting. The unlimited number of gameplay combinations keeps your mind and your core guessing -- leading to muscle confusion and improved results! How Does Stealth Work?Stealth carefully calibrates with your phone’s motion detector to recognize every movement you make. It then translates those movements into gameplay actions on the screen of your smartphone. Other games use motion controls but never before has any game been designed to mirror core training movements that hit 29 different muscles. Stealth truly is the beginning of a new era of virtual reality. The decisions and moves you make to improve in the game will result in lasting results in your real life training progress.How much does the first stealth game cost? The Stealth app is completely free to download and will come with at least 1 game. It might even come with more than that if we reach a few of our stretch goals together! So, as soon as you tear off Stealth's packaging, you'll be able to immerse yourself in core training gameplay right away! No elaborate setup required. Just open your stealth app, place your phone into the designated slot, and you are good to go. Stealth Uses All Available DimensionsYour core includes many more muscle groups than just your abs. Although tons of our movements focus on the rectus abdominis (the muscles in your belly area) others will blast key areas of your core such as your obliques and lower back. With Stealth's unique, fluid design, you'll have no limitations on your gameplay or training freedom.Stealth’s games will have you twisting, turning and rotating 360 degrees to earn high scores; both in the game and with your physique. The ability to move forward and backward and side to side is great but we are in the business of pushing the boundaries here! That's why Stealth games will also have you moving your body laterally, hitting parts of your core that few other ab trainers even reach. With Stealth's 360 degree freedom there will never be any limitation on your gameplay or workout. This huge degree of movement fluidity is part of what makes Stealth such an effective core trainer. You’ll just feel like you’re playing games but you’ll actually be performing sophisticated core training movements that leave no muscle group behind. You just focus on collecting all those in-game upgrades and let Stealth work its super-smart core training magic.Stealth BenefitsWe all know that exercise is a key part of optimal health. But, who hasn't had trouble sticking to a regular exercise regime from time to time? Truth is, the biggest benefits from working out come from consistency and adherence to a program. The unique twist Stealth brings to exercise makes it the easiest program to stick to ever.Have you ever come up with some half-baked excuse to get out of playing games with your buddies like you do to avoid going to the gym? Of course not! With Stealth, you'll be looking forward to every single workout so consistency will come automatically. By sticking to the Stealth program you'll enjoy the following benefits: How Should I use Stealth?Just like good old Tetris and every well-designed game since, Stealth's games feature appropriate intensity settings for everyone. Stealth is great for core training novices and hardcore ab junkies alike.No lifestyle these days is quite the same, so everyone fits in their workouts in different ways. Are you just starting out when it comes to core training? Try using Stealth in the privacy of your own home to get your workout in bright and early. A morning Stealth gaming session will get your mind and body energized for the day! In contrast, maybe you're a seasoned core training veteran looking for a new challenge to break through those plateaus? Perfect! Stealth is ready to bring it! Simply turn up the dial on the intensity levels of Stealth's games and it will throw everything but the kitchen sink at you. With Stealth's unpredictability and movement fluidity you'll feel the burn regardless of your intensity levels and be crushing your plateaus in no time. Regardless of your intensity preferences, there is really no limitation on how or where you can use Stealth. Stealth comes fully assembled and is easy to bring anywhere so you can hit your core and get your game on anytime, anywhere. Don't forget to get your partner in on the core training action! Grinding it out at the gym and counting out reps together can get old pretty quickly. That's why Stealth helps add some excitement to your training sessions together. What's Stealth Made Of?At Stealth, we've put tons of work into our product design to create a platform capable of keeping up with the intense gameplay action of the Stealth app while maximizing workout comfort. Careful thought was put into the balance and angles of Stealth's movement to ensure it feels natural and comfortable. Stealth also features an antibacterial, sweat-resistant padding so you can hold your plank all day without feeling the slightest bit uncomfortable. Stealth's design is completely unique and gives it its signature range of motion. By joining the Stealth movement you'll be supporting revolutionary software and engineering all at once! This project is promoted by Jellop, a direct­ response online advertising agency specializing in Kickstarter campaigns on Facebook Ads and Google AdWords. Risks and challenges We are fortunate to have successfully launched several very popular consumer products over the past 20 years, including one of the most popular fitness products ever, the Ab Roller. Our team has started and run companies which have had in excess of $500M in sales, with a combined 60+ years of manufacturing, distribution, marketing, design & branding experience. We know how to get the job done and know how to do it right. So you can sleep well at night knowing not only will your Stealth be awesome, but it will be done right the first time! We have done our homework, so the risks are minimal. What you are seeing in our videos and pictures are prototypes. The final product will be even better! Even with this invaluable experience and our successful track record, there are still risks with backing a Kickstarter campaign—please carefully read Kickstarter's guidelines about what exactly it means when you back a project. We're excited to implement our fulfillment plan immediately after the campaign and aim to fulfill on time to each and every backer. Please feel to reach out to us if you have any concerns (which are not listed above in our FAQ) at support@gameyourcore.com or leave a message in Kickstarter for us. Thanks for your support! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter