T.Me, the text messaging app of the future. The app that will revolutionize the way people communicate daily. Simply done through distinct, patent pending technology that will draw users from all over the world. The world is looking for an easier way to communicate and they don’t even know it. Now, there is T.Me. T.ME allows global users to communicate with definitive language by utilizing innovative technology that changes the way text messages are sent and interpreted. T.ME’s translation software not only automatically translates received text messages into the desired language, but also allows users to create emotion through words with a feature that enables emphatic font manipulation. T.ME will redefine what was once a voiceless text message. The money raised on Kickstarter will provide enough money to have T.ME fully built and put in the app stores. From there I plan to draw as many users possible before looking for a "Seed A" funding. The money raised than will be directly for marketing, debugging, upgrades, data, upkeep, and employee expenses. Any donation will help. This is my dream. I want to help the world in many ways and this is definitely one. Lets simplify and bring back life to communicating. Risks and challenges The main risks with T.ME are in the development. T.ME is custom coded so you run the risks of bugs and trial and error. I have selected very sophisticated and well rounded developers that have full belief in T.ME and what it provides and foresee the success of the app. A challenge that will be face after development will be marketing the app and creating the next big app that everyone wants to use. That's where my marketing background kicks in and I feel at home. I've done marketing and sales all my life. I've ran multi million dollar projects and I have managed extensive marketing teams, all with success. I will need more money after Kickstarter and don't foresee any issues raising a "Seed A" funding due to the fact that once users are on investors will be intrigued, especially with the patents I own. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter