PEOPLE OF KICKSTARTER HEAR ME NOW! Stop playing Portal 2 for five minutes and let me ask you a question. Have you ever wanted to be rewarded for being you? Turf Geography Club has heard your caw! Turf is a free location-based game set in the real world where you hang out with friends, amass gold coins, and acquire goods and properties in a battle to tame your surroundings. It's like Foursquare meets Monopoly. First things first -- allow me to thank you for taking the time to feast upon my words. OWN YOUR TURFDon't check in a million times and just become mayor. Spend your turf coins wisely and purchase your favorite places from under your competition's feet. Customize your properties with additional floors and unique details. Not only does this make your places cooler and increase their overall value, but when others visit, you get even more coins. Who knows? You might even take over your entire city! GET RICH Every time you do something in the whimsical world of Turf you earn coins. Check in alone at a cafe? Earn coins. Invite a friend to hang out at the cafe and they actually show up? Earn coins. Rescue baby sea lions from a cruel evil genius? That's a freebie. Coins are the currency of Turf and being rich means you're the best. COLLECT TROPHIESThe Turf Geography Club believes strongly in positive reinforcement. So when you do fun and unique things, special trophies are unlocked. Whether it's being exceptional company to a bar or locking down your 20th property like a boss, we think you deserve a cookie. There will be hundreds of trophies to collect! That's not all. We provide a shelf for you to proudly display your hard earned keepsakes. When your friends cruise your profile, they get a full unrelenting blast of how amazing you are. GET THE SHIRTPledge $25+ and you will receive this handsome t-shirt. Add your own reflector tape & play turf at night. See the shirt modeled. THE FUTURE IS BRIGHT Turf has been a personal labor of love. Every pixel you see was drawn by me with either my 2 or 5 pixel brush. The game mechanics have been completely fleshed out. I have the background in art and interaction design needed to make all that happen, but the one skill I lack in bringing Turf to the world is computer programming. Every penny from Kickstarter will go towards supporting my developer for the summer. The more money raised the more I can put towards adding details and sweet sweet features. With some luck I might even get another person to push pixels with me. There are a whole slew of things that I have planned for future iterations. Cool data visualizations of where you've been Form virtual gangs to take over portions of your city Even bigger buildings & more trim options plus much much more! Get Updates Faster(er) @TurfHQ Twitter Some more stuff TurfGeographyClub.comQuestions? TurfHQ (at) Gmail (dot) Com