Welcome!Every summer we try to spend time camping at our National Parks. We explore the beauty of the parks and my boys complete the Junior Ranger Program and learn how important it is to protect the parks for future generations. I capture their beauty with photography and now I'm using our photos to help my husband and offer a beautiful reward to our project supporters.The story so far...6 years ago my husband had to have all his upper teeth removed due to an infection of the gum sockets and jaw bone, that causes teeth to decay from the inside. It basically starts in the jaw bone, then into the root of the tooth, affecting the nerve which causes extensive pain also, but ultimately decays the tooth from the inside. There is no way to prevent this and no cure, other to full tooth removal. Unfortunately for my husband, this was present in in upper jaw and teeth and a couple of the lower ones, which resulted in all his upper teeth being removed.We have tried several dentures, but due to sinus problems caused by the jaw and bone decay, the denture places too much pressure on his upper palate. Therefore, he is unable to wear the denture for more than a couple of hours at a time, most times it makes him physically sick and causes intense sinus pain which in turn causes gagging, so now we are starting to see bone loss and gum degeneration too. Implants will cost $22,000 so if this project is funded and we can reach our stretch goal of $5000 it will give us almost half of the funds (with our current savings) so we can the down payment to begin. Insurance doesn't cover the cost of this surgery.What will this do for us?We'd love to get back to these happier times, when we could go out for dinner and enjoy a meal out. This is a thing of the past right now. The denture causes so much pain that he is unable to eat with it in, so if we do go out, or even just to a friends place for dinner, he doesn't eat :( He'd rather not eat and try to keep the denture in than go out or remove it in order to eat in public. We'd like to be able to take family photos where he feels comfortable smiling and can feel proud of the way he looks, especially when we are out with our boys. We would like to get back to the fun times, laughing, smiling and feeling good when out in public and improve not only my husband's quality of life, but that of our entire family. Can't Help Today?That's ok! We appreciate the time you've taking to read our story! We just ask that you show your support by sharing our story with family and friends :) What do you get??Reward Collection: You get to choose your photo/s. #1 The Castle : Capital Reef #2 Serenity : Arches National Park #3 Proud Peaks - Arches National Park #4 Grizzly! : Yellowstone National Park #5 Morning Glory : Bryce Canyon #6 Sunlight Peaks : Bryce Canyon #7 Wild Flowers : Canyonlands National Park #8 Desert Scape : Canyonlands National Park #9 Windsong : Canyonlands National Park #10 Cliff Palace : Mesa Verde National Park #11 Standing Tall for all Time : Monument Valley #12 Waves : Pink Coral Sands State Park #13 Stormy Skies : Mammoth Springs Yellowstone NP #14 Rainbow Waters : Yellowstone NP #15 Old Faithful : Yellowstone NP Risks and challenges I don't foresee any risks or challenges. I have the photos stored online so I don't have to be concerned with a computer crash. The only delay I can foresee is if the mats are out of stock when it comes time to ship the rewards but this would just be a short delay. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter