Steam Hammer is the first hardcore sandbox-style RPG set in a dark and mysterious steampunk world. Experience the intensity as you try to survive on the mysterious Acribo Islands. Steam Hammer features: • a classic Victorian steampunk setting with wondrous mechanisms, machinery, weapons, armor, clothing, and—of course—steam and smoke. • an open-class system that frees you from arbitrary constraints. Engineer, scientist, farmer, gunsmith, stormtrooper, sharpshooter, and more can all be combined and switched depending on your skill set. • a huge open world for you to explore, travel, and terraform. Go where you will and master the land. Craft your Glory. Craft your Victory. Craft your Steam Hammer!Updates:Update #1 Thank you!Update #2Update #3Update #4 Two Weeks LeftUpdate #5 Final weekUpdate #6We are very grateful to all our backers who spread the word about our campaign, and now we can offer you something extra in return as a token of our appreciation. Now with KickBooster you can share our campaign with your friends and you'll get 11% of every dollar you help raise. Click here for more info. The Victorian Empire was at the height of its power. It dominated its neighbors and basked in glory. The Victorians made remarkable technological achievements in steam-powered machinery. Imperial airships flew over the many lands and provinces under its control. The foundation of the Empire’s power was the celebrium trees growing on the Acribo Islands. Its precious sap fueled its technological wonders, but the empire had a dark secret. Harvesting the sap of the trees drove the workers mad. Day after day, the Acribian laborers slaved away in nightmarish conditions, all for the sake of harvesting the cursed tree. A storm was brewing that could not be seen from above, and one day, everything changed. The ancient gods of the Acribo Islands returned and took revenge on the Victorians exploiting their people. Devastating cataclysms struck the land. Having suffered long under the yoke of the Empire, the Acribians rebelled in a war that nearly drowned the country in blood, and they declared their independence. The world was never the same. Time passed. The crisis was over, but the Empire’s greatness was gone. So was its industry, and the lives of so many of its citizens. It lost its access to the celebrium trees. But now, Victoria is healing its wounds and it is time to take action. All that remains of its air force is mustering and the Imperial airships are headed West. This is where your story begins. Bring the Empire back to its former glory! You must win whatever it takes. Airships Airships are the pinnacle of technology in Steam Hammer. To make one, you have to accumulate enormous stockpiles of resources and build a special dockyard. Airships themselves are modular, meaning that you can install and remove a variety of turrets, upgrade the fuel tanks or engine (boosting range and speed), etc. Players can use airships as mobile platforms from which to strike enemy strongholds or as formidable weapons in the battle for air supremacy. Don’t forget that they can be shot down or even captured! You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Jetpacks Players lean heavily on jetpacks to fly short distances. They’re perfect for leapfrogging fortress walls, flying over to enemy airships, adding power to hammer blows, and quickly altering lines of fire. In other words, they represent a huge combat advantage. In addition to that, however, jetpacks also let you carry more loot. There are two types in the game, each with their own unique attributes. Crafting The game has a varied crafting system that includes both mining and production. Some resources can be gathered on the earth’s surface (wood, celebrium, copper, medicinal herbs, clay, and more), and others are mined (iron, aluminum, gold, etc.). Sometimes you have to turn over entire mountains before you have enough of a resource. All resources and crafts have a quality rating—use better-quality ingredients when you’re crafting and you’ll walk away with a better product. All resources can be used to make the items and machines needed to survive in the harsh world of Saol. There’s a ton you can create: from primitive copper shovels to the gigantic factories you need to produce airships. Construction You can also build things in the game: workshops and factories, defenses, homes, and more. Workshops and factories help you craft things, defenses keep your city safe, and you can decorate you houses however you want. All you need to start building is a little crafting and mining to get the materials. Just remember that every once in a while you’ll have to fight off enemies trying to capture your city. Leveling up, classesCharacters have production and combat abilities that can be improved however you want (until you hit the skill cap). Abilities are leveled up by using existing items and finishing certain tasks: for example, your metallurgy skill is improved by looking for, mining, and smelting minerals. You can decide which skills you want to upgrade to which level, in the process making your own unique character. For example, you could have a metalworker/blacksmith with a little alchemist thrown in or mix an engineer/farmer with construction abilities (hi, Cyrus Smith!). The same is true for combat abilities: you can become a deadly archer, go for a brutal hand-to-hand combat expert, or focus on the ability to use electrical weapons and artillery. On the other hand, you can’t be everyone and everything—though you can decide to forget abilities and redistribute those points if push comes to shove. Combat system Players can wield edged weapons, electric weapons, or firearms, so one of our main goals is to ensure parity between ranged players, tanks, and support players. One thing that is a significant help in that area is the ability to correctly select armor. Another is the combat ability system that opens when you level them up. Players who fight using edged weapons can demonstrate their skill by deciding where to aim their blows (stabbing from above, from the right, or from the left) and when to block their opponents’ parries. Battles between experienced swordsmen can be absolutely fascinating! You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Be a Hero — Victorian technocrats are renowned for their engineering skills, but your airship crash-landed on one of the Acribo Islands far from civilization. Now your skills will truly be put to the test. Can you engineer your own survival? Explore an Open World — Mine resources (copper, iron, coal, gold, wood, and more), harvest the sap of the priceless celebrium trees, construct buildings, and protect your settlement from the dangers hidden on the Acribian islands. Defend Yourself from Pillage and Plunder — Your biggest threat is the other settlers on the island. Taking what others have built is easier than building it yourself, so you must always be watchful. And, as they say, if you want peace, you must prepare for war. Protect yourself with customizable weapons, armor, guns, cannons and military airships. And if you need help, ally with people in nearby towns. Or Become the Conqueror — Feeling aggressive and want to try raiding your neighbors? You’ll need even bigger guns and sturdy armor. Construct Wondrous Architecture — Construct shelter to protect you from the harsh Acribian conditions, build workshops in which you will create technological wonders, and engineer fortifications to defend yourself from attack. From these humble beginnings you will eventually build whole cities with steam smithies and your own airship fleet. Ride Fantastical Steampunk Vehicles — Forget about exploring the island on foot. Steam Hammer puts a wide range of vehicles at your disposal. Take a ride on a classic steampunk motorbike or a steam-powered mechanical horse. When you are ready you can take to the sky, flying over obstacles with your jetpack or flying military airships to take longer voyages to raid neighbors and assault the temples of the Ancients. Advanced Combat System — A powerful arsenal of weapons will be at your disposal. Choose between one-handed and two-handed melee weapons, single-shot and repeating firearms, lightning throwers, and negative charge generators. You can even wield magic! RPG Class System — Steam Hammer features a flexible class system with no limitations. Be a sniper, techno-mage, stormtrooper, blacksmith, farmer, an alchemist, or an engineer. But you can’t be all of them at once. Invite your friends to the world and build a team so you don’t have to spend valuable time retraining. Master PvP Strategies — You’ll need to plan ahead and cooperate to defeat well-organized adversaries. This will be especially important when seizing forts and assaulting airships in PvP battles. You must lead your team effectively. Choose who will control the turrets and who will use their jetpack to board the enemy’s airships. As of now, all digital game copies will be delivered via Steam Key, so you’ll need a free Steam account to play. If the game is distributed across other channels in the future, backers will of course have the option to choose their preferred gaming platform. *A Stylized Victorian Portrait of You Will be Included in the Game *Your monument will be featured as one of the game’s objects. *Steam Hammer promo art piece painted by a professional artist *Dinner with the developers at a restaurant in Los Angeles *A special-order, life-size Steam Hammer replica We are an international team of developers from the US, Eastern Europe, and Russia. We share a love of steampunk and sandbox games. We all believe the steampunk setting deserves its own game where you can be as creative as you want. But game development is expensive and so we need your help to get the funds that will push Steam Hammer over the finish line. We want Steam Hammer to feature a huge new world, with trains, airships, steam-powered motorcycles, and all the classic features of the genre. We also want to fully develop the biopunk Acribians with their own crafting tree, weapons and biomechanical leviathans. But, to make this all happen, we need the support of the Kickstarter gaming community. Risks and challenges Our team of twenty-six people have been working very hard for a whole year to get Steam Hammer to this point. Now we are doing our best to present it to all steampunk fans. Just as with any other indie game, the main risk is failure to meet our deadline. But considering how much work has already been done, we owe it to our fans and ourselves to complete the game by the release date. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter