UPDATE: $15,000 gets us:--- TWO high quality videos and an advanced radio promo campaign 80+ Page graphic novel version later this year iOS and Android touch screen version of the game $20,000 gets us A NEW, all original album based on whatever video game you like! I'll let YOU, the backers, vote on the game. Mario? Zelda, Sonic? Halo? Pac Man?? Hard copies of the video game soundtrack $25,000??? impossible? Maybe. But if we make it: A 3-Disc Special Edition version of the album and DVD of the game, in a replica Playstation-Style game box! or VINYL! Many of you may know that I've been working on an album called "Language Arts" for quite some time..3 years to be exact! This album has undergone some HUGE changes and now will be a threefold project: 3 separate EPs (releasing May, August and November 2012), a COMIC BOOK and web series by the awesome folks at J1 Studios, and now even my very own VIDEO GAME with help from Lunar Giant Studios. The game will be FREE for all!The new goal amount we earn will be used to fund the mixing and mastering and packaging of the album, the production, art and duplication of the comic, and the production of the game, a professional video shoot, a special touchscreen ANDROID/iOS app store version (also free), and an 88 PAGE GRAPHIC NOVEL! Beating our goal means BETTER PRODUCT! glossier comics, smoother graphics, fancier videos, better cd packaging....you name it! We goin' big on this one.Mega Ran in Language Arts is a story-driven album loosely based on my own life, showing the many struggles of a teacher who also juggles a music career as well as a personal life, while battling an evil much worse than he could ever imagine. In between that I hold "class" by doing several tracks based on some of my favorite middle school level literary works. Think Dangerous Minds x 8 Mile x Spider-Man. The 3 album set has some spectacular folks helping out, from producers EOM and DN3, to famed voice actor KYLE HEBERT (Dragon Ball Z, Naruto, Bleach, Street Fighter IV and so much more), who narrates the story, to associate production by composers BEAR McCREARY (THE WALKING DEAD, Battlestar Galactica) and DANNY BARANOWSKY (Super Meat Boy, Canabalt) Others on the albums include some of my favorite people in the world: mc chris, MC Frontalot, MC Lars, Storyville, Wordsworth, Punchline, Ariano, K-Murdock, Writers Guild, and many more. The video game will be a classic 8-bit styled side scrolling platformer with elements of some of my favorite games (I'd like to say Mega Man meets River City Ransom). The game soundtrack will feature all-original chiptune themed hip-hop tracks composed by the homie DN3.We're offering some great incentives, from copies of the albums to posters, T-shirts, USB Drives to the opportunity to help create characters in the video game and comic. I'm even giving away my retro systems and my mic and audio interface.Thanks so much for your support and for helping me to make this Language Arts project just as amazing as I envision it. Peace and blessings,Raheem "Random" Jarbo Megaran.com megaranmusic.comFacebook.com/megaranmusicTwitter.com/megaran