The NoPhone is available for pre-order at: http://www.nophonestore.comPhone addiction is real. And it's everywhere. It's ruining your dates. It's distracting you at concerts. It's disrupting you in movie theaters. It's clogging up sidewalks. Now, there is a real solution.Introducing the NoPhone, a technology-free alternative to constant hand-to-phone contact. With a thin, light and completely wireless design, the NoPhone acts as a surrogate to any smart mobile device, enabling you to always have a rectangle of smooth, cold plastic to clutch without forgoing any potential engagement with your direct environment. Never again experience the unsettling feeling of flesh on flesh when closing your hand.How it Works Pick it up. Hold it. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Features Battery free No upgrades necessary Shatterproof Waterproof Prototype Photos Once this project is funded, we will manufacture the NoPhone. It will be the same as the 3D printed prototype, but the surface of the manufactured version will be smooth. Height: 5.5 inches (140 mm), Width: 2.6 inches (67 mm), Depth: 0.29 inches (7.3 mm) Weight: Between 2.82 and 3.5 ounces (Between 80 and 100 grams) Testimonials"I used to sleep with my phone in my hand, but my night terrors would cause me to hurl it across the room in an unconscious panic. With the NoPhone, I can still enjoy the comfort of holding a phone in my sleep, without waking up to a shattered screen. Thanks, NoPhone." -David H"With the NoPhone, my eye contact skills have improved 73%." -Whitney R"Because of the NoPhone, I haven't drunk texted my ex boyfriend in one whole week." -Craig G"Not a real phone." -Katie AThe NoPhone Selfie Upgrade Enjoy sending yourself selfies in real-time. Share selfies with your friends if they’re standing behind you. Add a verbal hashtag by syncing your brain and vocal cords. Frequently Asked Questions Does it have a camera?No.Is it Bluetooth compatible?No.Does it make calls?No.Is it toilet bowl resistant?Yes.iPhone 6 versus the NoPhone. There is no comparison. Thanks to everyone who has featured the NoPhone. For any inquiries please contact: nophone.eu@gmail.com Risks and challenges One potential challenge is that development could take longer than expected. To guard against this, we've intentionally set a generous timeline for the development stage of the process based on where we currently stand. We hope we'll finish sooner, but we want to allow plenty of time in case it's needed. In all of this, we'll communicate often and clearly with our backers on where we are in the development and delivery process. We'll also be here to answer any questions you have about how things are going. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter