Greetings everyone and thank you for stopping by, today we are inviting you on our journey to make project planning more enjoyable within your offices, homes and on the go. The Play & Plan game for Apple TV & Mobile will be free for all users!Background Sprint planning is in a critical phase in Agile methodology including estimation of stories, and everyone in the agile world knows that next thing is planning poker. In this process team members will use Plaining Poker cards or often will write down their estimate on a piece of paper to give the for a story. After discussion on their estimation, one of them will have to enter the assessed value manually.In the age of the high-tech smartphone and ubiquitous computing, this doesn't sound right. We should have some automation for this process as well.Proposal My suggestion to make this right is a Play & Plan Game, which can be played by multiple players on the big screen via smartphone. All the members who will participate in Play & Plan Game will join the game on a big screen via smartphone in their hands, a story will be presented on the big screen, and each team member will choose a card from deck available on the smartphone. Once all members select their card, the game will show all selected cards on the screen and if all players selected same value it will automatically update the estimate field in JIRA story. If there is a difference, then the member can amend their assessment, and once it is all set, the game will update Estimate field on JIRA.This game & mobile client will be free for all users on all platforms.Technical Specs The following are the high-level specs involved: A game app for big screen Multiplayer game Game will integrate JIRA via restful APIs Game client for smartphone Player can join the game remotely Today we are crowd funding for the following development costs UI and UX design of Apple TV App UI and Ux design of iOS app Setting up the admin/backend Additional coders if required Phase 1 In phase one, I want to develop this game for Apple TV (TVOS) and iOS (iPhone & iPads). Where Plan & Play game will run on Apple TV and players can join via iPhone or iPad.In future Phase 2: In phase two I will develop Planing Project Game for Android platform Phase 3: In phase three I will develop Planing Project game for Windows platform. Risks and challenges Meeting the diversity of available platforms would be a challenge for this project. I am a software engineer and have tremendous experience mobile development. But definitely to produce an Ace project I may need help bring in more resources to work with me part time or full time on this project.Other then diversity I would need a champ graphic designer to produce world class UI & UX for this game. Risks and challenges Meeting the diversity of available platforms would be a challenge for this project. I am a software engineer and have tremendous experience mobile development. But definitely to produce an Ace project I may need help for that I can bring a resource to work with me part time or full time on this project. Other then diversity I would need a champ graphic designer to produce world class UI & UX for this game. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter