On July 1, 2016 Vermont legislators passed a bill requiring food producers to label their products indicating if they contain genetically modified organisms. The law stipulated succinct and readily identifiable package labeling for all food products sold in the state of Vermont.Twenty eight days later President Obama signed into law a federal GMO labeling law that not only supersedes the Vermont law but in fact makes it illegal for Vermont or any other state to implement there own GMO labeling laws.On the surface this would seem like a good thing. Uniform labeling means consumers everywhere get the exact same information, and that’s good. Right?Wrong! What if everyone gets the same bad or difficult to use information? The new federal GMO labeling law empowers food producers by giving them the ability to make it difficult for the shopper to obtain GMO information about a product.Food producers can choose from a few labeling options: words on a package’s label; a symbol; a toll-free telephone number that consumers must call to get information on the product’s GMO ingredients; or a QR code that has to be scanned with a smartphone, which will take the consumer to a website for GMO information.Would you type the url on the package into your phones browser and navigate to a website and be subjected to the food producers advertising to get your information? Would you launch an app on your phone, pickup the food item with your other hand, look for and scan the QR code on the package, then navigate to the url the producer embeds in the code where you would be required to further navigate and sift through the data all the while being subjected to the producers advertising? Would you really take the time to call an 800 number while standing in a busy grocery isle and navigate the automated menu to find out if that box of cereal in front of you contains GMOs? GMO InSight is a new startup with a vision of how to provide food shoppers with the information they need to make informed food choices. When you need fast reliable gmo information about a retail food product just point and click. One picture truly is worth a thousand nucleotides. Pst, it's the stuff in dna.We do all the hard work of gathering information about retail food products sold in stores so you don't have to. Intelligent data aggregation and analysis is the foundation of our service. GMO InSight aggregates and stores gmo and non-gmo food data from many sources. We utilize advanced content based image retrieval techniques to index and search our gmo and non-gmo databases to get you answers fast. We believe that you should have fast and reliable gmo information about your food choices. Unfortunately fast and reliable costs money.To do the kind of number crunching, data aggregation, and hosting and maintaining of distributed databases that are needed will require funding. We can't do this without your help. You gain something for your pledge but you also give something to everyone else. As more Americans become food aware they will need a service like GMO InSight to help them make informed food decisions. Help GMO InSight build an informed food buying public. Risks and challenges We feel the greatest impediments to our success are the same forces that lobbied congress to make it difficult for the food buying public to determine the gmo content of the food they buy. The bill – S. 764 – signed into law by the president is referred to by food awareness groups as The Dark Act for good reason. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter