Jodi Picoult said that "everyone has one good book inside them."Well, what if they don't know how to get the book out? Or what if they only have a good idea for a book? What do those people do?I am creating a platform, accessible through an app and a website for those people. I am going to bring together people from around the world to get those stories out. It will be a collective consciousness creating great things.I have often thought of ideas for a story, but they have only ever stayed ideas. I could never get past a couple of paragraphs. That's how this got started. I want a place where I, or anybody, could start a story with an idea, and recruit others to build and contribute to that story. Like minded people can build a story together, about anything they want. And it doesn't have to be a story, or even a book. Maybe some travel agents get together and write a travel guide, or maybe sci-fi fans get together and write a movie script, or maybe aspiring songwriters find a new audience.But it won't stop at just finishing the creation. My ultimate goal is for those creations to be sought after by the publishers, producers, directors, etc... of the world. The next big author or screenwriter may not be a single person, but a group who banded together to create something great.The end result is that those creations get monetized and the creators receive royalties for their creations, through traditional publishing means as well as new concepts such as Bitcoin micro tipping.The project is already in development, but the development process is an expensive one. I chose to use Kickstarter, instead of private investors, to raise the remainder of the money needed because I don't want to create an app just to sell it (ie: Instagram - Facebook.) I want to create an app with the support of people who believe in it and continue to build and grow without those private investors looking for the quickest way to sell it off and make a quick profit.The development company has already been chosen to create the first release of the app for Apple devices and a web interface. The money that is not used for development will be used for marketing to recruit the initial users (creators,) and align with some initial publishers, and get a lawyer to do all the legal stuff that needs to happen for this kind of thing, and of course set up a system for creators to receive royalties from their creations. The plan is to have the first version usable by the fall. Risks and challenges The biggest challenge to this sort of project is the design of the interface. There will be a lot of information to be presented on screens of varying sizes, and the development team will need to find or create unique methods to present everything in a meaningful manner. I have a background in interface design and human computer interaction, and will recruit others of similar and complementary skill sets to overcome that sort of challenge. The next biggest challenge is getting aligned with publishing companies, literary agents, and the like, so that a monetization method is in place at the beginning. I think this will be a challenge because this app is going to differ from the traditional methods that those people used and it may take some convincing for them to change their ways and try something new, but I am confident that this is an easily overcome challenge, because we only need 1 of these to start, and after others see what great creations are being made, they will come to us instead of the other way around. I don't anticipate any setbacks, having chosen a developer who has created over 400 apps to date. But I own an IT business, and have never had a problem dealing with setbacks and getting things back on track. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter