We created a smart home system to help our friends and family in our everyday lives. With your help, let's make Kasia the best and most easy to use one yet! Featured on: Kasia is the first affordable smart home system. It’s about time your home was as smart as your phone. Control and monitor all your electronic devices in your home. Lights come on automatically as I come home in the dark. My coffee pot is hot and ready for me in the morning. I am reminded when I accidentally leave my refrigerator door open. My laundry tells me when it's done. I save money by knowing which devices use the most electricity so I can make sure to turn them off when not in use. I don't need to search my house to make sure I've turned off all the lights. A simple press of a button and it's done. Have your lights turn on automatically as you come home with Kasia Presence. Simply put, Kasia beats competitors on both price and features. Kasia is made up of individual devices that work together to help you take control of your home. Product installation is as simple as plugging it into an outlet. Walkthrough instructions are available right in the app for every device, making even a wall switch installation approachable. With the Kasia app on your smartphone, you can monitor and control your system from anywhere at the touch of a button. Every Kasia device is interconnected with other Kasia devices around it to create a better connection. *a neutral wire (white) is required for installation of the smart switch Gain peace of mind knowing that your lights and appliances are turned off when you are not at home. You will never again spend the day wondering if you left that space heater on. No more wrinkled clothes or spoiled food or worrying about burning down your house! Have your lights turn on and off while you are away on vacation giving people the illusion you are home. The Kasia app even knows when sunrise and sunset is so your lights can turn on exactly when they need to. This is Kasia Presence in action. Lights automatically turn on as Eric walks into his room. The hallway lights automatically turn off soon after. Select among all unlocked devices. Selecting Kasia Presence includes 2 presence sensors. Kasia is easy to setup 1. Install Kasia devices using built in walkthroughs available in the Kasia app 2. In the app, initiate the pairing process 3. Press the button on device for 5 seconds to begin pairing 4. After pairing is complete, simply name your new device and add it to your home page Hitting the stretch goals allows us to raise more money to put back into tooling and certification costs. At $35,000 we will be able to make the Dimmer available as a selectable device reward. Over the last three years, we at Kasia have been working to create a home automation system that’s simple, affordable, reliable, and in general, more accessible to our friends and family. We’ve built the network infrastructure from the ground up, reducing costs and assuring reliable connectivity across the home. Each item in the Kasia product line comes with advanced features right out of the box with no monthly fees, making it affordable to expand your Kasia system to cover your whole house. Or office. Or wherever. We’ve gone through numerous iterations on all aspects of Kasia, from hardware design, PCB design, APP design and firmware design to make sure Kasia works. We’ve gone through multiple iterations for every device. All products are in their final design phases and we’ve already submitted them for official safety certifications. We have also already commenced the tooling of parts necessary for mass manufacturing. Unlike other Kickstarter projects, these steps alleviate much of the risk that a Kickstarter backer might face in a product concept. Kasia is product ready to be manufactured as soon as our Kickstarter is complete. Initial tooling completed and now waiting for revisions We have vetted multiple manufactures and have selected primaries and backups to produce Kasia. A list of parts suppliers have been finalized as well. We are a team of professional product developers, designers, and engineers with over 50 years of experience designing, building, and manufacturing products. The core team has been building both software and wireless products for over 10 years with manufacturing expertise to get the product to market quickly and efficiently. We have engineered our products with procurement and ease of manufacturing in mind. We have already invested a tremendous amount of our own money and money from friends and family into creating the system and designs of Kasia. We need your help to raise funds for the last stretch to get Kasia on the market. To deliver Kasia, we still need to complete the product tooling, procure the necessary components, and get the wireless and safety certifications for our devices. Risks and challenges We have built a complex control system with many integrated components: firmware, software, hardware, and cloud components. In our commitment to our backers, we have minimized the risks typically associated with new projects by waiting until we have fully functioning systems prior to launching our campaign. In addition, the initial version 1 tooling creation has been completed and is now in the process of modification and fine tuning to create a polished product. Our team has already been working with a top safety certification company to assure that our products will be able to pass safety certifications in the shortest time possible. We will continue to improve with future software updates to enhance the performance of Kasia and add more features with input from our users. There is always the possibility that there will be problems with tooling/manufactures and certifications of our devices. If that’s the case there may be a delay in the shipment of your product. However, we have taken all steps necessary to mitigate any of this and will continue to take the necessary steps to insure we send you a quality product on time. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter