Hi! My name is Eugene. I am a Web Designer and Developer from Austin, Texas. This Kickstarter project is to develop a iOS and Android mobile app from the ground up for Polly, which is a social network and online resource for language sharing using user-generated video of words, phrases, and short passages to help you practice foreign language pronunciation and speak like a local. This project is very dear to me because in my adult life I have become intimately aware of the astronomical challenges language proficiency poses on the daily lives of the people closest to me. I was raised in a multicultural family with three very different languages (English, Spanish, Vietnamese) often spoken at home; yet, after all these years, my grasp of Spanish is rudimentary at best, and I know even less Vietnamese. When I first visited my family in Vietnam in 1998, I promised them that I would practice and learn the language so that I would be able to talk beyond just basic directions and greetings the next time I visited. I tried popular software packages and checked out books from the local public library. My mother and friends also helped me. Regardless of my efforts to memorize words and phrases, though, as soon as I spoke with a native speaker, I quickly learned that they had no idea of what I was trying to say because my pronunciation was completely wrong. Learning a language without immediate and regular feedback became a problem I wanted to solve not only for someone like myself but also for those who have a greater need but lack access to affordable and convenient solutions. Taking a language class is rarely convenient for a busy adult; online tutors are very expensive; self-study requires a tremendous amount of discipline to be effective; and content in popular software packages seems outdated, contrived, and not terribly engaging. For full-time working folks who are raising a family and have limited time, these options are simply not feasible. Example video lesson After a lot of planning, design, and coding, along with help from friends, I have developed a working prototype web app [www.crowdness.io], which demonstrates some of the key features for language sharing using video through a social network. A unique feature of the prototype is support for more than one video for any given lesson. This means that you can practice with many different video examples of how to pronounce a word or phrase from many different people. This approach will provide a diverse and holistic sense of the language at large that is not offered by other applications. Just by clicking on the button with the language of your choice, you also have immediate access to translations. Go ahead and poke around. I invite you to add some content, share, and certainly have fun with it! HOW WILL POLLY WORK? Polly is like Facebook meets Wikipedia, where ordinary, everyday people can share how they naturally speak one word and phrase at a time. By sharing words and phrases in your native language, you are effectively teaching others your language. Polly has all the familiar social features you are accustomed to, such as text and videos, posts, comments, user groups, social sharing, and custom privacy settings. Posts can be searched and sorted, making it easy to find any word or phrase in any language. Polly is different from other language learning apps. All posts support unlimited video entries from an unlimited number of users. This approach allows for a diverse sample of study material that you can use and decide for yourself with whom you prefer to practice. Nowhere else can you find this kind of variety. If you are really creative or have that X factor quality, you can make a great impact on sustained learning. Polly also makes it very easy to switch to a different language for any word or phrase. For example, if you search for “Hello, my name is . . .” in French, simply enter “Hello, my name is” in the search box, and press the enter button. You will be sent to a page for “Hello, my name is.” Below the video on the page, you will find a button that says “French.” Click on that button and you will be immediately taken to the French translation, which is “Salut, Je m`appelle . . .” Now you can enjoy videos for that particular phrase. Voilà! C'est magnifique. Want a demo? Polly has a prototype you can use right now if you go to our main website: www.crowdness.io. Pretty cool, right? But wait, there’s more . . . Polly also supports all known languages, including signed languages, regional dialects, extinct languages, and even fictitious languages, such as Klingon of Star Trek or Dothraki of Game of Thrones. And Polly does this all for FREE with a basic account. WHY A SOCIAL NETWORK? Access to native English speakers in particular is extremely limited abroad and high in demand—not only British English but also American English. During my travels through Southeast Asia, I’ve spoken to numerous teachers, students, and professionals with advanced English conversational skills but struggle with pronunciation. On more than one occasion, I was the first American they had ever encountered! A social network will provide economical access to native English speakers for language learners anytime, anywhere. This method will even work for native speakers of all languages! Basic user accounts will be FREE FOREVER! Here is a breakdown of user accounts: Basic Free forever View up to 5 random high-rated videos per lesson Unlimited posting Premium $1.00 monthly subscription Unlimited access to all content Unlimited posting Rate, search, filter, comments and sort content IF OUR PROJECT IS SUCCESSFULLY FUNDED If we reach our goal of $35,000, I will use the funds to hire a Full Stack Developer, a Mobile developer, purchase infrastructure services, and promote a marketing campaign. The development time frame will run about four months to complete a mobile application for both iOS and Android and a desktop web application. Mockups, wireframes, and technical specification requirements will be completed before development so that we can hit the ground running on day one! If we should exceed our goal, I hope to bring aboard more people to help develop some additional features and expand Polly as a full service cloud platform: Polly widget is a SaaS (software as a service) service that allows you to securely add a widget on your blog or website with your awesome Polly content. Lesson Builder service allows you to create custom lesson pages. Gamify user-created content allows ratings on useful, creative, and fun video lessons and showcases top creators. Incentive to learn, teach, and share is my personal initiative to give back to users in developing countries as an online cultural exchange program. My vision is to identify exceptional volunteers who actively help others in the area of literacy and give them the tools to support and succeed in their efforts. Our backers will receive regular updates as we meet major milestones, any critical announcements, and maybe even some fun messages as well! Thank you again for supporting our project. WHO SHOULD SUPPORT THIS PROJECT? Just about anyone with a foreign language need or finds value in this easy-to-use language resource should support this effort, but here are just a few suggestions I have in mind: Students can search for the words and phrases they need to help ace foreign language courses. With group study, students can create a private group to share videos among their peers for practice and to get immediate constructive feedback. Parents can share videos of words or phrases with their children or vice versa. Parents who are eager to perfect their language pronunciation during their free time, especially with someone they know and trust, will also find this resource very beneficial. Friends and family members living abroad whom you have difficulty communicating with because you can never find time to learn a different language will also benefit. Now you can share a word or phrase in a video. Your grandmother living abroad can add a translation in her language and presto! Little by little you will begin to understand each other better one word and phrase at a time. Speech/language pathologists and patients can use Polly to continue therapy outside the office. Nurses are probably the busiest professionals I know. Language barriers can be a real challenge. With Polly, nurses can search for a word or phrase and then click on the patient’s native language that will help to confirm questions regarding their visit. Teachers can create private groups for their classes to show examples of the week’s language lessons. Their students can submit a video of each lesson. Comments can be added to videos to add words of encouragement just as you are accustomed to doing with social networks. Military personnel serving abroad now have an essential language resource to learn the local language and its colloquial nuances. Travel industry service workers can make a more personal connection with customers by increasing their relevant foreign languages skills. Travel professionals can broaden their customer reach by making a personal connection with language. Small-business owners with a diverse staff can better communicate training instruction by offering multilingual training. Call center professionals and operators will find Polly an essential tool for practicing language and delivering excellent customer service. Traveling professionals will no longer feel helpless in a foreign country with just a little bit of practice. Retirees can feel comfortable while traveling abroad by knowing some handy phrases to use wherever they go. Risks and challenges Financial risk: We are very aware of the high cost of software development. I plan to run lean budget with low overhead to maximize results. Also, I am prepared to personally contribute to the budget as necessary. Schedule risk: Our prototype was developed in less than four weeks as planned. If for any reason we experience major scope creep I can tap into my network of amazingly talented colleagues to pitch in. Thank you again in advance for your support. We can’t wait to show you our progress! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter