Use the Phone Frame every time you get in your car and be reminded of what is really important -- and it's not that text message. Many people claim that they are good at texting while driving. Why does a statistic like this even exist? What if people said that they were good at reading a newspaper or writing a letter while driving? We’d say, “that’s crazy!” It is crazy — crazy and dangerous. Just a single LOL traveling at 55 miles per hour is the equivalent of traveling the distance of a football field without looking at the road. A lot can happen during that time. Phone Frame was developed as a safe, effective, and cheap way to practice cell phone safety while driving. Phone Frame makes things better and safer for everyone. Have you ever been afraid to send a text message to a loved one because you were worried that they might try to read your text while they were driving? We have. Texting while driving is a problem that is not limited to just one person. It has potentially devastating consequences for a driver, anyone else on the road who might fall victim to another's distracted driving, and also to the person who sent the text message in the first place. Phone Frame is perfect for any driver you care about. Give it to your wife, your husband, your sons and daughters, or a close friend. Phone Frame is a high quality phone case crowned with a photograph of your choosing. It is meant to be given to those closest to you in order to hinder texting while driving. Ideally the Phone Frame would be left in your car, probably just chilling on the front seat. Stick your phone in it when you get in the car and be reminded of why you ought not text and drive every time you look at a photo of your loved ones. Phone Frame works because people always choose what they believe to be most important or beneficial at any given time. Causing people to consider just what they might be risking in looking at a single text message is a powerful deterrent. We make decisions in a split second. A quick, simple reminder of what is really important can have a tremendous impact in the crucible of a decision. Who, after all, would risk what they have with those closest to them to read a text message that could wait until we weren't behind the wheel. That's where Phone Frame comes in. Although in the commercial you see PhoneFrame demonstrated using an iPhone, we have successfully tested most of the popular smart phones with PhoneFrame. We want you to know that although this idea was (like anything else) just a passing thought, it has evolved significantly over the last couple years. When you make a decision to partner with Phone Frame we want you to understand that we have done all we could to get to this point and have brought this concept quite far. We have gone through two prototype iterations that started out as technical CAD drawings. Every step of the evolution of this product has seen the Phone Frame analyzed and improved upon to ultimately bring forth the high quality prototype that is demonstrated here and on our website. Our product here also carries patent pending status.The funds raised here will be primarily used for tooling and an initial production run of the PhoneFrame. For more information please click here to visit our website. Risks and challenges With any project there are risks involved and our own experience in the progression of Phone Frame has proved that things don't always work out the way we plan. Having done all the hard engineering work and going through two prototype iterations, we believe we have worked out a lot of potential problems before asking you to get involved. From the beginning we have also been deliberate in working with seasoned and experienced people who have many years of experience in product design and manufacturing. That being said it would be arrogant to conceive that nothing unexpected awaits us in the future. Potential challenges will come in our working with manufacturers to drive the cost of making Phone Frame down to an even lower price so ultimately we can sell it for a better price. Keep in mind that this is a fundraising campaign, not a pre-order. Your partnering with us now is a demonstration of your support not only for us, but for the cause of stopping texting while driving. By partnering with us now you may avail yourself the opportunity to have a Phone Frame before anyone else. We do hope to eventually make Phone Frame available for a much lower price. Also, we understand that although we have worked through a lot, there will still be some things to work through in the transition from a prototype to a shelf-ready product. The whole process, in any design/manufacturing project, is ultimately one of refinement. We understand that further refinement on this product (regardless of how great it looks in the video) is still forthcoming. Given our current investment, as well as a realization of the problem at hand, we are determined, insofar as it depends on us, to see Phone Frame be a success and to save many lives. Please join us! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter