Imagine yourself in the shoes of a lone scientist crash-landing on an unknown alien planet full of dangers to avoid and secrets to be uncovered. Building useful things is your only hope for survival. Use your wit and the hi-tech tools salvaged from the ship-wreck. With a bit of luck and a lot of work, you can win the fight over the environment. Develop your tech, upgrade your suit and survive in places no human has set foot before. Find out about the strange monuments shining on the horizon, explore the lairs of unknown beasts and discover places with rare materials, all in the pursuit of building a spaceship that will take you to other planets.It would be a shame to get stuck in one place. Build a massive, self-sufficient planet-crawler, pack all your things and head on the road, roaming the world like a true Planet Nomad. Build whatever you wantWant to build a battle tank, agile dune buggy, armored 6-wheeler, lightweight quad-copter or hovercraft? You do that! Over 100 types of building blocks already in the game and more on their way as we collect suggestions from early alpha players. Planet Nomads is optimized for creations thousands of blocks big. The only limit is your imagination and realistic physics. You can download our Editor and try the building part of Planet Nomads right now.Enjoy the freedom of destructible worldsThe worlds around you are procedurally generated, using the amazing features of voxel-based graphics that make them fully destructible. That means you can dig deep, chop down trees, even out hills, mine a crater, create quarries and do about thousand other things.Explore the beauty aroundProcedural generation paired with a sharp artistic vision bring beautiful worlds to life. While we let our imagination run wild it is also firmly grounded in reality. The environments you discover are subject to natural laws and even the most dreamy ones could possibly be discovered one day in the future of space exploration. Freedom to play any wayYou can do all sorts of things in Planet Nomads and lead your life however you see fit. Be a peaceful explorer, or a ruthless colonizer. Build your base of operation deep underground or high in the sky, protected from danger. Or keep on the road. It is your world.The game grows with youWe are developing Planet Nomads with its huge potential in mind. Making sure that as time passes, we are able to add new features on the go. These include goodies like multiplayer with hostile/friendly player interactions, space flight, modding, trading, and all other sensible features that early alpha players suggest. If you back us now with tier ALPHA NOMAD or higher, it may be one of your ideas. This is Planet Nomads in a nutshell. We promise you that when you back our project you are helping to create a game worth playing over and over again. We've made several interesting tiers of rewards for you. Check them out on the right side of our Kickstarter page.Starting at £14 / $20 (NOMAD tier) you own the full game (digital copy, standard Steam Key with Early Access).Press & PraiseKotaku: "A Ridicilously Comprehensive Survival Game"HardcoreGamer: "Science the $#!t out of near-certain doom."XP4T: "Kickstarter Interview"Cliqist: "Sci-Fi Survival Game Unlike Any Other"Keengamer: "Interview about Craneballs, Planet Nomads and the future"Keengamer: "Inverview with Petr about Planet Nomads game design"2015 Indie of the Year AwardsPlatformsPC - Windows, Linux & MacConsoles as a stretch goalPlanet Nomads Greenlit on STEAMPlanet Nomads peaked at #2 on Greenlight with 89% YES votes and got greenlit. All thanks to you. BuildingBuilding is the cornerstone of Planet Nomads. We are perfecting a system that lets you build complex machines big and small. Use powerful generators or batteries paired with solar panels to power your scouting buggies or armored transporters equipped with mining tools. Outfit your vehicles and structures with weaponry. Design functional masterpieces and make them your own with full color palette and decorative building blocks. You can download the building prototype and check our progress (Editor available for WIN, LINUX & MAC). Exploration After a while you may think you know all there is to know about a planet, but a few hundred kilometers away or a thousand meters higher, things could be radically different. Unlocking advanced technology increases your action radius and you'll be able to explore the more hazardous places where you wouldn't survive before. What are the strange monuments on the horizon? What lies in the lair of that monstrous creature you've been running away from all the time? As you upgrade your suit, build better tools and weapons you'll be able to answer those questions and stumble upon a couple more. Survival Living the nomadic life is always full of danger and adventure. But mostly danger. Surviving on an inhabited planet is borderline impossible. But you can do it. As long as you overcome radiation and poisonous atmosphere, avoid being slashed to pieces, frozen to death, eaten alive, starved and generally ended, that is. Nature will fight against your attempt to tame it and you'll have to resolve power outages and repair facilities damaged by storms and attacks of the wildlife.Four main character attributesTo survive in the outside world you will need to take care of four bodily attributes; health, stamina, hunger and thirst. All four affect each other. Health is pretty straightforward, when it drops to zero, you drop to the ground. You can heal yourself by crafting medications, regenerate life by being well fed and watered, and partially by sleeping.Stamina is the second most important attribute as it enables you to do all the things you do in your everyday nomadic life. When you are well rested you can run faster, but after several hours of activity you start to slow down and once fatique really kicks in, you cannot jump or sprint at all. You can craft emergency adrenaline shots and use caffeine pills to extend the mission time, but they come at a cost and sleep is your stamina’s best friend.More details on all four attributes and effects of external temperature in this devblog update. YOUR FEEDBACK PERFECTS THE GAMEWe have been working closely with our community of Planet Nomads Advisors. Collecting feedback, discussing features and hearing advice from long-term players of sandbox survival games. We are looking forward to expanding our very early alpha user base and make sure the game core mechanics are spot on. The sooner you join us, the better we can achieve this. PLAY IT YOUR WAYPlanet Nomads is a planetary exploration simulator. It is an open world(s) sandbox experience. We don't want to tell you how to play the game, we only provide you with things to do. Whether you want to terraform the hell out of your planet, or bring its species to extinction. Whether you want to build extensive bases and setup automated mining facilities, or cruise the planets in self-sufficient mobile fortresses, the choice is yours. We just want to make sure you can. THE DIVERSITY OF BIOMES During your stay in the Planet Nomads universe, you'll come across many worlds. Some planets may be similar to Earth, with biomes including forests and grasslands and mountains, full of life, changing into flat barren plains of sand as you get closer to the equator, and on the poles, kilometers of ice. But other planets will be different. Volcanic lava worlds. Dusty atmosphere planets constantly engulfed in solar storms and lashed by lightning. Seemingly uninhabitable ice planets with unforgiving well below zero temperatures wherever you go. Planets with multiple suns and just the right amount of humidity and temperature to be completely covered with thick jungles. And finally planets with the proper sci-fi look, with fauna and flora unlike anything you have seen on Earth. TRAVELING TO OTHER PLANETS Since our worlds are procedurally generated, there's no limit on how many planets you could be exploring. Once you've built a spaceship to carry you and your belongings on a space voyage, a whole universe of planets opens up. REALISTIC PHYSICSPlanet Nomads support realistic physics. Light vehicles are faster, fit for drifting fun, prone to tumble over and generally more agile than heavy transporters, tanks and harvesters that will carry the mass of their weight – when you hit something with them, it will make a big bang. Your creations will need solid design to hold together. Tension will play its role and structural weaknesses will cause your creations to fall apart. DYNAMIC WEATHERWeather will have two roles to play: aesthetic one – to emphasize the unique feeling of each planet and biome; and functional – we aim to tie weather to survival as much as possible. Weather will be based on particular biomes (desert, forests, tundras, etc.), affected by height (colder in mountains) and the general setting of the planet (how many suns, planet type). You will have to deal with solar storms, blackouts during electromagnetic storms and generally weather out all kinds of unfortunate events. DAY & NIGHT CYCLE The biggest dangers emerge after sundown. Observe the day and night cycle of each planet closely. Ideally, you want to be sitting in the safety of your base or mobile home, after you've made sure the defense systems have enough juice to carry your through the night. Solar panels won't cut it anymore. If you are left out in the dark, well good luck. Substantial firepower, plenty of light sources and enough food and water will slightly increase your chances of making it alive. Did we mention it can get real cold too? We have developed our own procedural terrain engine for Planet Nomads. Few months ago we reached a huge milestone when we loaded the first biome into the engine and walked on the soil of a newly created world! We saw spectacular results, both in terms of visual quality and performance. On that November day, our engine got wings and a name - Sandy.This is a big deal because Sandy has to take care of quite a few things. We intend to have massive planets, but current computers cannot handle worlds of that size all at once. We could have chopped the planets down to separate areas, but we didn't want any loading screens in Planet Nomads.So Sandy is generating AND rendering the world in real time as far as the eye can see... seamlessly, no loading screens involved. Since you can build a spaceship in Planet Nomads, we're talking ground to orbit view in a very short time. From micro to macro view under one minute, and the world has to look good every second of that journey. Sandy can do that. This incredible feat would not be possible without heavy optimization and extensive close collaboration between our programmers and graphic designers. By working on Sandy as one team, in-house, we have been able to create worlds with astounding levels of detail and still pack in all the other game features - realistic physics, real-time weather, enemy AI and fully destructible environment and player creations.Is that all, you ask? No, there's more. The world around you is constantly being created and recreated, but any changes you make in the environment are permanent. In other words, if you dig a hole in the ground and bury in your old car, you may set on a looong westward journey and eventually come back to the same hole from the East and find your old car still there.We have come a long way developing Sandy, over 1000 hours invested so far, but we have yet to reach its full potential. There is so much more our terrain engine can do in the future, if we get the time to continue its development. Stretch goals should be understood as the road map for Planet Nomads. They will all become game features eventually. Hitting the basic goal gets us to Early Access in Q1 2017. Hitting the stretch goals will allow us to put more Craneballs team members to work on Planet Nomads right away, thus speeding up the development. Planet Nomads Stretch Goals Making games is a risky business and even the best game ideas may not find and connect with their audiences. We stand behind Planet Nomads 100%, but is you, gamers, who ultimately decide which games you want to play. Planet Nomads is a huge and costly project and we cannot afford to finish it all the way without your support. We don't have a big publisher or investor backing. We are but a small team of enthusiasts with a dream. Thanks to Kickstarter we no longer have to dream alone. We can ask you very early whether you want to board the train together with us and see it to its final destination. And that's why we are here. We are asking you: Do you want to play a game like Planet Nomads? If your answer is yes, then Kickstarter is a perfect meeting place. We are happy to meet you. There's one more bonus to all this. You get to play the game early. We get to hear your suggestions. Planet Nomads can only get better from here. $100K may seem like a little dent, but it is enough to prove we're on the right track with Planet Nomads and convince us to put more of the company's resources to its development.The more interest and money we generate on Kickstarter, the bigger Planet Nomads gets - as you can see in the stretch goals. We've been making mobile games for the past 7 years. Our games have been downloaded over 30 million times, with great ratings, so it's safe to assume people enjoy them (a lot).Besides creativity and passion, we value honesty and are men of our word, who take game making seriously.Apple and Google have seen that in us, and repeatedly featured our titles. Overkill 3 has received the highest praise from Google in the form of Editor's Choice. The first Overkill became #1 iPhone app in the US and stayed on the top overall ranking for a week.We started with smaller games and learned every step of game making ourselves. Gradually growing to today's 20ish people. During the years we attracted seasoned industry veterans, previously working at Bohemia Interactive on ARMA Series and at 2K Czech on Mafia 3 among other titles.As our experience grew so did our games. As you can see there's a long way from the gallery shooter that was the first Overkill and the latest Overkill 3, a fully-fledged 3D cover-based 3rd person shooter. Overkill 3 was a technological breakthrough for us. We learned all we could about 3D modelling, built our own motion capture studio and did all the animations in-house. We got to know Unity engine and confirm its potential.We have the vision, talented people and experience. Let's make this happen together.WHAT PLANET NOMADS MEANS TO USPlanet Nomads is the ultimate project for us. It's a child we intend to raise to greatness. We are no strangers to updating our games long after their original release and we're designing Planet Nomads for the future, always keeping its potential in mind. You have seen the places you could go with Planet Nomads, riding and driving and piloting things you have built yourself.We promise you this: Show us you want to play this game and we'll keep working on perfecting Planet Nomads for you, from its first Early Access version to the full game and beyond. The game has been in development since January 2015, but the original idea emerged long before that. We knew we wanted to create a sandbox game, the question was the theme. In late 2014 the team was brainstorming through different ideas after we finally settled on a sci-fi sandbox game on procedurally generated alien planets. Check out the latest project status on our website. We are Craneballs, a team of 20 youngsters. We’ve been making mobile games as a team since 2009 – our breakthrough success came with Overkill in 2011.Since then the original shooter game turned into series, and each new installment was a huge leap forward for us as far as game development goes. While the first Overkill was completely 2D, we already had 3D enemies and gun models in Overkill 2. The last one, Overkill 3, was our biggest game yet – full 3D world, 3rd person shooter, also our first game in Unity. We learned a lot about 3D modeling, did our own character animations in our newly set-up mocap studio. It truly was our biggest game… until now. We love great ambient soundtracks and we knew the soundtrack for Planet Nomads had to be extraordinary. The soundtrack is being produced and mastered by talented musician Jakub Fuksa a.k.a Q.rty from Czech republic. He's been composing electronic music for 15 years, loves synthesizers and making music is his passion. For the final game the music will be mixed in real-time and responsive to player actions and game events, ensuring a tailored audio adventure that enhances each play. Prices include worldwide shipping. Items will be carefully packed in protective cases. Select "Manage" at the top of the page and increase your pledge by the price of the add-on(s). Once the campaign ends we will get in touch with you and let you specify your add-ons. Keep in touchVisit www.planet-nomads.comLike us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Risks and challenges Making games is a risky business indeed. But Craneballs is a fairly mature company with 8-year-history. We've released 13 mobile games with millions of happy players. During this time we've come across many obstacles and challenges and learned how to successfully overcome them. Our biggest enemy has always been time. With your help we can fight it by putting more people from our team to work on Planet Nomads full-time. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter