DISCLAIMER: This is an unofficial, non-profit project created for fans, by fans, and is not an official product of or endorsed by Square Enix.Thanks for your patience everyone! We’re back online, and with your help we can make Balance & Ruin a reality. We worked extensively with Square Enix and were able to reach a fair & reasonable agreement, but still had to relaunch a new kickstarter after our previous one was cancelled. If you pledged previously you will NEVER be charged, but you NEED TO PLEDGE AGAIN to guarantee your rewards & show your support! Most of the rewards have stayed the same, but this time our bonus 5th disc for Balance & Ruin is already included! Our FF7 album Voices of the Lifestream is a stretch goal that will unlock if we hit $45,000!!“The Final Fantasy series is iconic for many reasons, including beautiful music that has been remixed, arranged and performed countless times worldwide. There is one game in the series that holds a special place in many of our hearts: Final Fantasy VI.OverClocked ReMix (http://ocremix.org) has been paying tribute to the music of games like Final Fantasy VI for over a decade. Our work has always been non-profit, and freely distributed. Back in 2007, with the help of many brilliant musicians from the OC ReMix community, I directed an album project (Voices of the Lifestream) based on Final Fantasy VII. FF7: Voices of the Lifestream Now, I’m working together with McVaffe on an even grander tribute for Final Fantasy VI, in celebration of the series' 25th birthday. We just need your help in making sure the result is the very best it can be!”- Project Director Andrew “zircon” AversaThe album has been underway since last year - our goal is to arrange the bulk of the FF6 soundtrack in a varied (but cohesive) range of musical styles; from rock and hard electronic battles, to soft ballads, jazzy interludes, somber orchestral marches and an outrageously epic opera sequence, there will be something for everyone on the album. Though there will be a wide range of genres, we will be also keeping true to the spirit of the original soundtrack.In order to achieve such a monumental task, a roster of over 40 veteran musicians (along with several talented newcomers) are contributing their music skills. They include the talents of: McVaffe (album co-director) Jake "virt" Kaufman (Double Dragon Neon, Contra 4, Shantae) Danny Baranowsky (Super Meat Boy, The Binding of Isaac) Andrew Aversa (Monkey Island 2: Special Edition, Soulcalibur V) djpretzel (founder of OC ReMix) Jillian Aversa (Halo: CE Anniversary, God of War: Ghost of Sparta, Soulcalibur V) Wilbert Roget, II (Star Wars: The Old Republic) Jimmy Hinson (Mass Effect 2, Puzzlejuice) Steffan Andrews (Voltron Force, My Little Pony) Mazedude (The 7th Guest: Infection) Laura "Flute Link" Intravia Joshua Morse Shnabubula Sixto Sounds halc Many, many others Why Kickstarter?Even though this album will be distributed for FREE DOWNLOAD via ocremix.org, we plan on printing limited edition licensed physical copies. These copies will NOT be sold, but will be available as prizes or gifts at conventions, OCR panels, contests, and similar events. We've found that physical albums are a very important promotional tool, and often encourage donations or purchases of t-shirts, bumper stickers and other OCR merchandise. These sources of revenue are essential in keeping the site, which is run by an all-volunteer staff, up and running.Additionally, though all artists are volunteers, many tracks will require studio recording time or professional mixing/mastering - things that we could use a budget for!How can I get the album?We’re shooting to release the album around the 25th anniversary of the Final Fantasy series, December 18th, 2012. The project will be released via BitTorrent and HTTP for FREE: no DRM, no gimmicks, just great music direct to your hard drive. We’ll be providing thoroughly-tagged and properly-encoded MP3 files as well as lossless FLACs.But I want an ultra-badass limited edition physical copy!!And you can have it!! A project of this magnitude requires an epic printing - we'll be including gorgeous art within a five-disc limited edition package, along with liner notes and, of course, the music itself. Those who donate $50 or more will receive a copy of the album once it’s printed - we’re planning on printing 2000 copies only, so get ‘em while you can!Want some FF7 too?!? $45K Stretch Goal = Get some FF7 with your FF6!!LIMIT BREAK!! If we hit $45,000 we can cover additional manufacturing & licensing costs and include Final Fantasy VII: Voices of the Lifestream at the $50 reward level and above!Tell me more about these rewards!!Okay, we will...At the $10 reward level, backers get a digital download copy of Big Giant Circles' original album IMPOSTOR NOSTALGIA! At the $25 reward level, backers get TWO ADDITIONAL digital download albums - zircon's ANTIGRAVITY and Danny Baranowsky's soundtrack to SUPER MEAT BOY!! Backers at $50 all get a GORGEOUS physical copy of FF6: Balance & Ruin, but $100 & above ALSO gets you (among other goodies) a physical copy of Sonic the Hedgehog: The Sound of Speed!! Risks and challenges Obviously, we want to ensure the best album we can, and December/January is an aggressive deadline. There are already tons of tracks in various stages of development, but we will need extensive coordination to ideally wrap everything up in 2012 so we can print physicals in December. With any large album printing of significant complexity, there can also be logistical delays involved with ensuring accuracy of all materials prior to production, and additional concerns surrounding shipping. We have printed albums in the past, and are familiar with these sorts of issues, so we anticipate that we'll be able to adapt as needed. Despite these challenges, our staff has been involved with the creation of dozens of album projects and physical printings. We'll be applying all that experience to this project to make sure it gets done right! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter