Welcome to Extant SolutionsHave you or someone you know been a victim of predatory towing? What I mean is has your car or a friend’s car been "Legally" stolen only to make a quick profit for the towing company? Whatever the reason the towing companies have it is usually not a good one. Most Private Property Impounds (PPI's) are done at night for little to no reason only to make a quick profit for a towing company. These practices are predatory and should be illegal but they are not in most states and most times it is your word against the towing companies. But not all Towing Companies are this way and have a good work ethic. This is where Extant Solutions comes into play. What I want to propose is a new age solution to force these companies into better and more honorable practices. With Extant Solutions Online Software these towing companies will be forced to have proof with time stamped images of why they are towing a vehicle without the owner’s consent. The good companies will have nothing to worry about. This software also doubles for other Companies and allows the Property Management Companies, Towing and security companies to know in real-time what is happening on their property or account. Without getting into all the boring details this software will force the driver of the tow truck to enter in real-time information about the tow including no less than 2 pictures on each vehicle using the mobile app instead of the "hook and run" or "Theft" method some towing companies already use. This in turn will allow the property management companies to have detailed records in case of litigation over a towed vehicle. But most importantly it protects YOU, the vehicle owners from predatory towing practices.As a bonus this software will also have features that benefit the companies that use it such as a full towing invoicing system, security reporting system and property management systems. This will put everything at their fingertips and give them piece of mind that their companies are being ran in a professional manner even when they are not there.Here is a list of benefits that will come with the software:· Towing Company: Full invoicing system Mobile invoicing 24/7 backup so you never lose an invoice 1 year backup proof for any litigation purposes · Apartment Management: Full invoicing and property management system Maintenance/Security/Towing Dispatch functions 24/7 backup 1 year backup proof of both security reports and towing invoices/pictures for litigation purposes · Security: Full dispatch software Mobile report writing Daily Activity Reports (DAR’s) in real time 24/7 backup so you never lose a report 1 year backup proof of both security reports and towing invoices/pictures for litigation purposes “Extant Solutions will give the Property, Towing and Security the knowledge of what’s going on at each property they service at any given time 24/7 and will stop predatory towing in its tracks.”My name is Brian Owens and Extant Solutions is a software concept that I have been working on for years. I have worked in all 3 of these fields and have a great wealth of knowledge when it comes to the problems that I have described above. I hope you find this venture worth the donations and if you are interested in investing I would be willing to hear your proposals anytime. Risks and challenges The only hurdle Extant Solutions faces is funding. Once the software is written and online, we can begin signing up clients. From local research here in Utah, there are plenty of potential clients and many of them that I have personally spoken to would be more than happy to use our software. Our software will be a low cost monthly, bi-annually and annually fees depending on what the client prefers. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter