Synopsis:Set in 19th Century Arkham, Boston the film follows Sonia, wife of the infamous painter Richard Pickman. After a morbid display at the Newberry Street Art Club, Richard disappears from the public eye. Left with nothing but remnants of his work and inspiration, Sonia must seek out her husband from the shadows and bring him back to reality. A biopic fan fiction based on the stories and romantic history of H.P. Lovecraft and his wife Sonia Greene.Who is H.P. Lovecraft? Image not owned - H.P. Lovecraft Of all the authors of horror three stand out as the most influential; Stephen King, Edgar Allen Poe and H.P. Lovecraft. Cthulhu, The Necronomicon and Herbert West Re-Animator are some of his most well-known literary creations referenced by pop culture. His work was deeply inspired by Poe’s gothic horror and he is regarded as a master of atmosphere. However, in his own time of the 1920’s, Lovecraft was an outsider, an obscure and estranged artist. He devoted his life to his work relying financially on his wife, Sonia Greene. Their marriage was constantly tested and eventually broken by Lovecraft’s isolation from society and his obsession for his writing.Characters: Sonia, a New York City socialite, moves to Arkham to be with her husband. She has always been dismissive of the subject matter found in Richard’s paintings, always longing for his companionship. She is pushed to her limits when she is abandoned by her husband and left to be consumed by his world. She is rational, tolerant and persistent. Sonia - Concept Art by Hugh Kha Sonia - Costume Concept by Aubrey Rothman Richard has always been an outsider. From his early years, he has preferred the comfort of the shadows, and until his marriage to Sonia, dwelt only in isolation. When he fails to adapt into society he retreats into the safety of his mind, leaving behind Sonia, his only connection to the outside world. He is uncompromising, obtuse and authentic. Richard Pickman - Concept Art by Hugh Kha Richard Pickman - Costume Concept by Aubrey Rothman Our film incorporates elements of three Lovecraftian short stories;Pickman’s Model: After being expelled from the Newberry St. Art Club, Richard Pickman, a painter of monsters, shows an art critic named Thurber a terrifying self-portrait.The Music of Erich Zann: A university scholar moves into a new apartment. He becomes obsessed with the music of the tenant on the top floor, an old mute man with a violin. The Outsider: A man believes he is being stalked by a monster, only to discover you cannot outrun your own reflection.LEARN MORE - http://www.whoishplovecraft.com / http://www.sonsofdavidpictures.ca / http://www.goominet.comStory Boards: Art Club The Newberry St. Art Club The Aristocrats Richard Vs Aristocrat Monster Reveal Monster CU Pickman Reveal Pickman's Inferno Visual Treatment: The largest aspect of adaptation in our story is the atmosphere. Our setting is Edwardian 19th century, an era romanticized by the author’s gothic influence. With the student sponsorship of Black Creek Pioneer Village we have been granted access to an entire town that will accurately represent the period of the film. We have assembled a specialised art and costume department in order to convincingly realise 19th century East Coast Boston. Locations: Pickman House Main Room Pickman House Hallway Other House Living Room Exterior Road Paintings:What would an adaptation of Pickman’s Model be without truly horrifying artwork? We have reached out to Lovecraftian painter and graphic designer, Francois Launet, who has granted us access to a library of hundreds of images based on concepts from the author’s stories. In addition, he will be commissioning original artwork to custom suit our narrative. :http://www.goominet.com Cuthulhu Rising By François Launet The Pit By François Launet Outer God By François Launet Deep One By François Launet Budget:Total: $10 000 Camera $1 700/ Art $2 700 / Production $1 500/ Post $2 300 Budget Allocations Risks and challenges H.P. Lovecraft has a huge cult following that is our main target audience. Though the film will be enjoyable for people who are unfamiliar with Lovecraft, our story is also littered with Easter eggs and references which will satisfy the fan base. Utilizing both annual Lovecraft Film Festivals and Conventions we plan on breaking into an audience already established by filmmakers such as John Carpenter and Guillermo Del Toro. Rights to source material - Public domain author Pickman's Paintings - Lovecraftian Graphic Designer Francois Launet Authentic 19th century Location - Pioneer Village Toronto Preserving the authors influence - We are devoted fans! Production Timeline November 10th-12th Documentary filmed November 13th Paintings are printed November 14th-17 The notebook is built November 15th-18th Monster costume is built November 20th Paintings, Notebook, Gramophone, Monster are completed Novemver 26th All lead actors cast December 1st All casting finalized December 10th Pre Vis for VFX December 11th Location Scout with Art department December 12th Tech Scout with Grip and Electric December 18th All props and costumes are accounted for and scheduled December 19th Camera test December 20th Ready for production January 15th Principal Photography begins January 22nd - Wrap shooting May 2015 - Premier LEARN MORE - http://www.whoishplovecraft.com / http://www.sonsofdavidpictures.ca / http://www.goominet.com Learn about accountability on Kickstarter