WHAT DOES HALF-CASTE MEAN?The title "Half-caste" in association with our film is taken from a dated local term used in Ghana to describe someone of bi-racial ethnicity with at least one parent being of Ghanian decent. The term is specific to the theme of story and unique to the authenticity of speech from one of the main villains in the film.WHERE DID THE STORY COME FROM?At the age of eight, my six year-old brother, eleven year-old sister and I left with my parents for Ghana. It was their plan to “de-Americanize” us and help us learn more about the family’s culture. Our parents’ fear of us becoming to westernized or spoiled arose from the idea that we had much more than they ever had as children and thus did not appreciate the small things in life. For one, we never had to fetch our own bathwater from a well or go without shoes until secondary school. After our second month in Ghana our family was to return to the States. It wasn’t until we were at the airport that I realized that there were five of us and my father was only carrying four plane tickets. It was simple math: one of us was not returning home. Makola Market Cape Coast Beach Osu Oxford Street My sister ended up spending the next two years of her life in Ghana with my Grandparents. Half-Caste stems from the emotional impact that my sister went through during her first few hours as a little girl in a completely foreign country. Although the events in the story are fiction the emotion comes from a very real place. "It was like someone snatched me out of my life and threw me into someone else's. It didn't feel real, it still doesn't." - Valerie AddoSO WHAT'S THE FILM ABOUT?Half-caste starts with Amelia, a naive eleven year-old girl born and raised in DC. Amelia, and her tough nose grandmother, Alice, are at the airport to send Amelia's father Willie off to the states. After Willie fails to convince Amelia to stay behind with grandma willingly, Grandma convinces him to make his flight as Amelia storms off in a fit leaving behind the family rosary her dad entrusted her with . Amelia, is quickly overwhelmed by the hustle and bustle of the Ghanaian airport. Unable to speak the local language and her lack a familiarity with the Ghana causes her to panic in search of her grandmother. Fortunately she runs into Sam, a 19 year old hustler working through the airport. Sam helps Amelia find her grandmother and in return Alice agrees to give him a lift to his brothers house on the east side of town. Amelia quickly grows fond of Sam after he teaches her a little of the local language. Eventually they decide to stop along the road for a quick bathroom break. After a while has past the driver goes to check on Sam leaving Grandma and Amelia alone in the car. In an attempt to make up from before Grandma presents Amelia with the special rosary from her father she left behind. Alice claims that it will protected her against the inexplicable supernatural evils of the world. The same ones she blames for Amelia's mothers death at childbirth. The beautiful moment is interrupted by the sound of a scream, Sam emerges from the bush bloodied and joined by his mysterious accomplice Ato. Without the driver, Grandma and Amelia are defenseless. Ato, nabs Grandma as Amelia barely escapes Sam and his machete. Their chase continues through bushes and into streets seemingly loosing Sam. Meanwhile Sam recants the memories of his last encounter with a fetish priest that reveals his true motive for hunting down Amelia. WHY SHOULD YOU SUPPORT THIS FILM?HALF-CASTE, is a unique cross-cultural short film that explores themes of identity and African culture in a thirteen minute dramatic thriller. The story crosses religion and culture beliefs in a heart-racing experience both American and international audiences will not forget.WHERE DOES YOUR MONEY GO? Making movies can be pretty expensive. We would love to shoot in Ghana but as of right now we plan to shoot in LA to try to keep the budget as low as possible. With that being said, most of your money will go toward our production cost. That's the cost of items and services rendered during the actual filming. Services includes things like, location permits, camera and lighting equipment rentals, sound equipment rentals, and food. We also want to pay our cast and crew for all of their hard work. Luckily for us the crew is just as passionate about the project as we are so some of them are donating their time. Although are actors are working for really cheap, they are professionals and should be compensated for their work.Then there is post production. That's everything that happens after we've finished filming. Now we take our footage into the editing room. We want this film to turn out great so we're going to hire an editor, sound mixer, and colorist. Things are just a few of the key elements that will help us to really bring home the story and create a well polished film.Lastly we plan on taking the film to the festival circuit. We want you and others to see the film. The ultimate goal is to use this short to gain the recognition we need in order to set us up for the feature film. Most of the notable film festivals have entry fee's. You've might have heard of Sundance, Cannes, SXSW, and even the LA Film Festival just to name a few. Each one of these festivals cost anywhere from $30-$80 for the entry application. After about 50 of these the cost really adds up. The more festivals we enter the better the chance the film has for awards and recognition.So that's our plan. And for all of you new to the filmmaking process we will keep you updated every step of the way. You will be able to follow along through various social media outlets as we post pictures, videos, and updates. IMPORTANT!! We are also aware that some of our supporters might have equipment that they can donate to the production. Feel free to contact either myself Sean Addo (seanaddo@gmail.com) or our producers Thembi Banks (thembi.banks@gmail.com) and Jacquin Deleon (jacquindeleon@gmail.com).We thank you all in advance!WHATS THE PLAN?Take a look at our pitch deck here in the link below. It will break down our plan of action with details and visual references. Enjoy! Half-Caste Pitch Deck Download the pitch deck here!MEET THE CREW:You can check out our talented crew and some of our cast that has already signed on to the project below under. Sean Addo: Writer/Director Sean Addo: Writer/Director Sean A. Addo is the son of African immigrant parents. He was raised in Cincinnati Ohio, where his love for animation and story telling would gain him a bachelors degree in Digital Design and Motion Graphics from the University of Cincinnati. He would later go on to work at Fish Eggs TV, The Procter and Gamble Company, and World War Seven Commercial Production Company. Sean’s relationship with animation would eventually evolved into a passion for cinema. After acquiring a MFA from USC School of Cinematic arts, Sean would go on to work on several projects. His credits include cinematography on the indie feature film, Inquisitor, writing and directing the film Medowo. As well as directing and starring in the award winning short documentary Deeper than Black. Much of his work seem to be center around the exploration of identity through an emotionally, provocative story, much like Amerikafo, his latest written feature film. Aside from working on his own film projects Sean has currently launched his own production company IVSIGHT, alongside co-founder Harry Locke IV.http://www.4sightpictures.com/Thembi Banks: Producer Thembi Banks: Producer Thembi Banks is a Harlem New York native, and a graduate of LaGuardia High School where she majored in drama. She received her MFA from USC's Film & TV Production program where she wrote, directed and produced several award winning films including Only Light (writer), winner of the audience and social impact awards at The One Lens Film Festival, and Doors (director) nominated for Best Student film at The Bronze Lens Film Festival. She was featured on WeForShe's 2016 list of the best pilots written by women for the script Unique State of Mind that she co-wrote with writing partner Rochee Jeffrey. Banks is currently a staff writer on VH1’s Daytime Divas, set to debut in 2017. Jacquin DeLeon: Producer Jacquin Deleon: Producer Jacquin Deleon is an award-winning filmmaker hailing out of Camden New Jersey, whose most recent feature film, “A Girl Like Grace” (Writer/producer), premiered at the 2015 Los Angeles Film Festival where it was nominated for the Zeitgeist award. “A Girl Like Grace” has gone on to screen at multiple festivals including Urban World, Black Lens and PAFF before being acquired for Theatrical distribution by SONY Ent. His film Nameless (writer/director/producer), garnered the Jury at San Francisco Black Film Festival for best narrative short and has gone on to screen at Urban World Film Festival, Hollywood Black Film Festival, and many others. 'Nameless" has gone on to be screened in numerous schools for its storytelling, structure, and social commentary. Jacquin received his BA in Communications & Film from Temple University. Ruben Contrareas: Director of Photography Ruben Contrareas: Director of Photography Ruben is a graduate of the USC School of Cinematic Arts Graduate Film and Television Production program where he received the Edward and Mildred Troutner Award for Cinematography. Ruben is originally from Sacramento, CA, where he was taught how to use a camera at an early age from his father, who learned from his father. Transforming hobby into passion, Ruben earned his Bachelors of Arts in Cinema from San Francisco State University. Ruben then moved to Los Angeles in 2011 to further his education in film and to focus on cinematography. Ruben’s passion is to create images that support the stories of disadvantaged people from around the world. A short that Ruben shot, South Arcadia St., tells the story of an African-American student struggling to deal with an inadequate school system. Ruben’s aim is to support and enhance each project’s individuality and to use truth and awareness to create effective imagery.Harry Locke IV: Post Supervisor Harry Locke IV: Post Supervisor Harry Locke IV is an award-winning journalist, independent filmmaker, web & graphics designer focused on bridging the divide between the visceral and the physical. Born and raised in Chicago, Harry has worked as a producer, director, writer, editor, sound composer, visual effects artist, and actor in a wide range of projects. He was awarded SICA All-Cast honors for acting performance in 2006, the silver scribe award for 2nd in the Cincinnati Underground Screenwriter’s Challenge, the first recipient of the Dale R. Sr. Memorial Fund at The Ohio State University, and worked as both director and cinematographer for NIKE’s 2010 Pro Combat campaign at The Ohio State University. In 2014, Harry graduated with an MFA in Film/TV Production at the University of Southern California’s prestigious School of Cinematic Arts. Harry Currently works as a colorist and post supervisor at DXD while wrapping up post-production on supernatural his directorial debut thriller, Inquisitor, a feature-film slated for a winter 2017 release.Maxwell Addo: Composer Maxwell "Shy" Addo Composer Maxwell Addo graduated from North Carolina A&T State University with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in 2011. Upon his graduation, he has recently returned to his hometown of Los Angeles, California to pursue his career in the Music & Film industry. His influences include West African music, R&B, Alternative rock and many others. This is widely due to his constant change in environment and cultural up bringing as a Ghanaian American. His composition is not only original, but his versatility is what has captured the attention of many.Lexi Underwood: Amelia (lead) Lexi Underwood: Amelia (Actress) Lexi Underwood is a 12-year old actor, singer, and dancer, from Washington, DC. Supported by a loving family and caring friends, Lexi’s passion for the stage was nurtured at an early age. She started taking ballet at age 4 and later added tap, jazz, contemporary, and hip-hop. Naturally acting classes came next, receiving training at the Adventure Theater, Urban Nation Academy, and Howard University. While her “shine” was evident to those around her, Lexi never imagined that her “ultimate dream” to perform on a national platform would come true. In the summer of 2013, Lexi attended a talent show case that would change things forever. Since then, her life has been a whirlwind; traveling first to New York and then to LA. Over the past two years Lexi has been blessed to be cast in principal roles in film, television, and theater. Risks and challenges One of our biggest production challenges will be recreating a Ghanaian airport in Los Angeles. This will require a huge effort from the African community in L.A. We will be reaching out to everyone for extras to help bring the vision to life. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter