"Cinema is a matter of what's in the frame and what's out" - Martin Scorsese.Why are we here?These days, independent filmmakers are finding it hard to raise the money to make a feature film. Without a named cast, writer, director or even a producer, investors often don't want to take the risk of losing their money despite the cast and crew being just as capable as those with recognizable names. We need your help and support to raise the money needed to make this film!You need our help? OK. Well what do we get out of it?Well firstly, you'll get a kick out of knowing what a pivotal role you played in getting this movie made. Secondly, there are ten different rewards to choose from on the right hand side, ranging from DVDs to having your name featured on the big screen in the credits.Who are we?We're two young filmmakers with big dreams and ambitions. Dylan Levine studied Film History and Production in New York and is a human film encyclopedia, while Max Peltz studied business in England and Film Producing in New York. It's not every day you see young people like ourselves going out and attempting to make a feature film, let alone one like this.What is the plot of the story?Fresh off of a break-up with his longterm girlfriend, Creative Writing Professor Michael enlists childhood best friend Mary to help him find his next love. They find Jenny, a privileged and spontaneous beauty with no real direction in life. The two begin their courtship with strong passion and everything seems to be perfect until their stubbornness and past gets in the way. Jenny has bad drinking habits and Michael refuses to let go from himself and “live.” Instead of compromising, they try to shape each other into their ideal partner. Endless fighting ensues until they decide to split, but their relationship does not end there as they cannot seem to get over each other.What makes your film so great?The story is relatable to almost anyone of any age. It's influenced by love, life and many forms of art, most notable other films of all different natures, countries, style and genres to make a film that feels familiar to your experiences yet unique in its tone. How do we know if we will like your film?How do you know you will like any film? You don't. However, our film has something for everyone in it, be it a love story, silly humor, suspense or heartfelt moments. Here are some movies that helped inspire Moving Forward and if you like any or all of these films, you should enjoy our film: How can I trust that it will be any good?Check out the scenes we recorded earlier this year as a test. We consider these unpolished versions of what the final product will be. Judge for yourself... What stage are you at?We're ready to go into production with our shoot dates being from October 20th until November 8th. All main cast and crew are ready and waiting for the phone call that let's them know that we've been greenlit by you.So how does Kickstarter work?Well, our goal is to raise $100,000 in 33 days. You pledge whatever you like, anywhere from $1 to $10,000. You in turn receive the reward designated to the amount set, found on the right hand side of the page.Kickstarter is an all or nothing platform in that if we fail to raise our goal within the time limit, we DON'T receive any money and Moving Forward cannot be made.What good will my pledge do?Your pledge would help in many ways. A movie has a lot of costs, Locations, Meals, Crew Salaries, Wardrobe, Insurance, Production Design, Equipment Rentals, Post-Production costs just to name a few. The money would really help to make this film be the best it possibly can.When will the movie be complete?Hard to say, but we're aiming to finish post-production in July of 2014.What then?We'll be taking the movie to several festivals worldwide and hopefully to a venue near you!Finally, as a backer, will you update me on the progress of Moving Forward?Of course. We'll be setting up a blog offering updates, pictures and behind the scenes footage during the project. There will also be emails sent via Kickstarter. Without you, there is no Moving Forward. Risks and challenges Every production has their risks and challenges. Weather, technical issues, location negotiations and personnel availability all play a part in trying to ruin a shoot. However we've entered a contingency fee into our budget at 8% to help deal with this. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter