Just dive. The Paralenz Dive Camera is tough, smart, and reliable so you can focus on what matters the most - your dive. Purpose-made. No action camera is designed with the extreme demands of divers in mind. Until now. Reliable. As divers, we have high demands for the tools we depend on. We want a camera we can count on for quality recordings without worrying about it breaking or drowning. Tough. The underwater world is a tough place meant for tough people and tough products. Engineered by divers for divers. Inspired by our own dive gear we know that any product for diving has to be tough, easy to use, and able to go deep. We've made the Paralenz Dive Camera in anodized aluminum and polycarbonate, with an easy-to-use two-button design, and with the ability to record at a depth of 200 m/656 ft. Smart cam. To further enhance your dive experience the Paralenz Dive Camera has a pressure sensor for logging your dive in terms of depth and temperature, and for automatically adjusting the white balance according to your depth. Worry-free recording. Paralenz Dive Camera is fully committed to make it as easy as possible to capture and share your dive. When diving you should not need to fumble with buttons or tweaking irrelevant settings. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Is it only for diving? No, the Paralenz Dive Camera is perfectly capable of recording above water. Features designed for the extremes of diving also make recording easier above water. Share the full experience. Equipped with a temperature and pressure sensor the Paralenz Dive Camera can log your dive and display your data in your videos. At what depth did you see that manta ray? Now you know Intuitive navigation. Relive your dive by sliding easily through your dive data in the Paralenz App. Navigating through your dive data Video with overlay on a computer Output with overlay. The logged data can be embedded in your videos allowing your friends and family to follow your depth and temperature conditions. Dive log data shown in the Paralenz App Analyze your dive. Use the Paralenz App to analyze your data or export it to a regular spreadsheet. Forget filters. With Paralenz you have no need for color filters. The Paralenz knows exactly how deep you are and adjusts your videos accordingly. Colors underwater. As a diver you know that the deeper you go the more colors you loose. The first colors disappearing are red, orange and yellow. That's why most underwater footage captured below 10 m/33 ft. turns green. Auto white balance. The Paralenz Dive Camera is the first action camera in the world that automatically adjusts the white balance to match the depth you are at. Tired of editing. We all know the hassle of looking through endless gigabytes of video just to find that special moment. Not a problem anymore. Snap Recording. Hold down the Activation Switch for 3 seconds and create a Snap Recording (short video clips) for quick and easy sharing. Overview of Snap Recordings in the Paralenz App Adjust and share. When returned to the surface you can easily view your Snap Recordings on the Paralenz App. The Snap Recordings are automatically created. Adjust the beginning and length of the movie clip and share it with friends and family. Quick adjustment of Snap Recordings in the Paralenz App Share your Snap Recordings easily through the Paralenz App Battery for hours. The Paralenz Dive Camera is insulated with Thermo foam minimizing battery discharge in cold water. In combination with the military grade aluminum housing, it also makes the camera shockproof – so no worries if you drop it on the deck of a boat. Go deep - very deep. Record and log your dives down to a depth of 200 meters / 656 feet. This camera is built to go deep. Pressure optimized. The most optimal shape for a dive camera is a round tube. A round housing made in aluminum with double O-rings is Paralenz's way of obtaining maximum depth performance. Use it with gloves. The large magnetic activation switch can be located by touch and is designed specifically to be used with neoprene diving gloves (tested with 7 mm neoprene gloves). No fumbling. We have based the Paralenz Dive Camera interface on a familiar design - the dive torch. This makes it intuitive to use and easy to locate the buttons by touch. Screen. A 0.5" display is placed in the camera's rear end for easy access to depth, temperature, battery, time, and recording mode data. Built-in toughness. There are so many benefits from not having to put your camera in an extra casing – lower weight, smaller size, no scratches on the inside of the dome port, and no fogging up of the lens. See more. Lots of sun and crystal clear water is not always the case, so the Paralenz Dive Camera has a sensor that is capable of filming in low light and murky waters. Smart buttons. Magnetic switch buttons have been used in diving gear for decades. By eliminating physical connection between the buttons and the internals of the Paralenz Dive Camera maximum waterproofness is ensured. High resolution. Top of the line processor and sensor delivers video in 4K Ultra HD, slow-motion in 4K – 30 FPS, 1080p – 100 FPS, 720p – 240 FPS, and 12 MP images. The resolution and frame rate is pre-selected in the Paralenz App. Easy mounting. The T-rail Click Mount located around the camera enables fast and easy mounting of all sorts of accessories. No need for tightening screws or bolts - the camera is locked safely in place. 1st person view. With the Paralenz Mask Mount, you can easily capture video from your point of view. Physical feedback. When activating the Activation Switch a small vibration can be felt in the camera. In this way you always know when you have activated the camera. Muscles and brains. Paralenz Dive Camera is not only tough but packs the best camera specs. No shaky videos. Built-in EIS (Electronic Image Stabilization and tilt correction) reduces the majority of vibrations in your footage and causes videos recorded on a shaky bike ride or while running to be much more enjoyable. No fish-eye. Action cameras are notorious for their videos with a funny bulgy look. But not Paralenz. The camera’s software corrects the distortion and flattens your videos. Smartphone friendly. The Paralenz App will be free to download for both iOS and Android. View and share. With the Paralenz App on your phone or tablet, you can view and quickly edit your videos, Snap Recordings, and photos. Upload them directly to Facebook or Instagram – no need to use a computer or open the camera. Camera settings. In the Paralenz App you can also change various settings such as video and image resolution, frame rate, video overlay etc. Your dive. The Paralenz Mask Mount is designed to fit all common diving masks - just slide it onto the strap of your mask. Can be used on both left and right side of your mask. Slide it forward to allow bubbles to go behind the camera when filming. Use existing accessories. The Paralenz Universal Mount enables you to use most existing accessories. The Universal Mounts snaps easily to the Paralenz Dive Camera. Watch yourself dive. There is nothing better than capturing beautiful fish, hidden shipwrecks, or colorful corals. But you often forget to show that you yourself were also present. With the Paralenz 3rd Person Viewer now you can. It's behind you! The Paralenz 3rd Person Viewer is mounted on your BC and films you from behind. The 3rd Person Viewer mounted on a BC Study your technique. Being able to study your own technique is a huge help for new divers. How is your position in the water, are you using your body in the right way? Study yourself and become a better diver. Help develop Paralenz. We believe in the Paralenz Dive Camera. But we strive to optimize it in any way possible. That's why we need your help. We need feedback from divers around the world who test it under different conditions. That way we will be able to make the Paralenz Dive Camera even better. The Alpha Version. As an A-tester you will be the first to receive an Alpha version of the Paralenz Dive Camera – plus in addition to this you will afterwards also receive the finished Paralenz Dive Camera. An Alpha version is a non-finished version of the final product. The camera will not be fully operational or fine-tuned. Some features might not even work at all. But it will be able to record video. Receive early and test. When you get your Alpha version you will be asked to comment on features and possible improvements to be implemented in the final version. That's why the A-testers will receive their “Alpha Package” as soon as November 2016. The final camera will be shipped in the “Paralenz Package” at the same time as the other rewards in January 2017. The A-tester rewards. Make sure you choose an A-tester reward that ships to your part of the world. We have made 3 different categories: Africa & Europe, North & South America, and Asia & Australia. But be quick, there is a limited number available! A-tester forum on Facebook. If you choose to support us through the A-tester rewards, you will become part of our A-tester network on Facebook, where you can discuss Paralenz with other dedicated divers. We will ask for your Facebook contact information after you have pledged. Kickstarter rewards. Have a look at our other special Kickstarter rewards. Save up to $250 compared to the expected retail price. Design, test, repeat. Designing the Paralenz Dive Camera is the story about rapid prototyping, user tests, and a thorough design process. All design choices have been put to the test and tweaked for optimal performance. Have a look at our design process below. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Full-time developers. Paralenz ApS is a team of dedicated product developers, who also happen to be divers. We are a start-up focusing exclusively on the development and sales of diving equipment. The company. Paralenz ApS is a branch of the innovation agency MOEF, which has developed products for more than 15 years. MOEF is also behind WaterWolf, an underwater camera designed for anglers. It has become quite successful and has won both design and product awards in 2014, 15 and 16. Ready to go. The camera is ready to begin production preparation. The design is finished; all specifications on electronics and mechanics have been clarified, prototyped and tested. We have found all our suppliers and they are ready to go. Have a look at our process so far and our planned activities. Funding needed. We are ready to push the production button. But we need your help! Paralenz is a small, self-financed company. The funding we receive through Kickstarter will be used for starting the production of the first Paralenz Dive Cameras. Face to face. Kickstarter is a great way of facing our customers. We are proud of our product but we can always improve. If we are to succeed in making the greatest action camera for diving, we will need feedback from divers from all over the world. And you can help us accomplish this either by becoming an A-tester or giving feedback on our Facebook-page. Stay up to date. Follow Paralenz on Facebook and Instagram for product and manufacturing updates, new product ideas, and news from the Paralenz Team. Facebook: www.facebook.com/paralenz Instagram: www.instagram.com/paralenz Web: www.paralenz.com Share the deep. Tag your dive videos and pictures with the official Paralenz hashtag #sharethedeep. We would love to see your diving adventures! Risks and challenges Our design process is constructed around a "fail fast" principle. We test every feature and every assumption, every step of the way. We are all experienced product developers, so we know the risks - and we know how to minimize them. One of the greatest challenges has been to pick the right manufacturer. That is why we have collaborated with experts who have helped us get in touch with the right factory. We have met with them and we have been able to talk about the explicit details of our design. This has been an important and delicate part of the process - and we are ready for the next step. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter