Best Buds vs Bad Guys is a 2D run ’n’ gun from a game developer Dad and his 11 year old son, with a special message behind it. Richard and Lucas both have a love of classic games like Contra, Metal Slug, Ghosts 'n Goblins, and always wanted to develop a game of this genre together. The two of them are on the autistic spectrum, and wanted to get the message across that having a condition like Asperger’s doesn't prevent you from making your dreams and ambitions come true. Rich: "This is where the idea came about; two ‘Best Buds’, which is the name we call each other, going up against legions of evil bad guys, helped by a lot of crazy weaponary and power-ups!""We wanted to create an authentic retro experience which draws upon Lucas' imaginative ideas for enemies and levels and my admiration & love of classic 80s/early 90s arcade machine games like Contra, Ghosts ’n Goblins, Green Beret, Mega Man, Bionic Commando." Team up and battle the foul creations of Doctor Jushaan’s twisted genius and escape from his digital prison dimension. Travel to 11 different worlds, all presented in classic 16-bit style, with a catchy chip-tune soundtrack and lots of OTT weapons!This is our second Kickstarter. While our first was unsuccessful (for the game Life of Pixel), we carried on and completed that game - releasing it to positive reviews (it is rated Very Positive on Steam). Pixel has a special place in our hearts as it was Super Icon's first game! Life of Pixel - Bonus! So... We are sharing it with you! ALL pledges from the £10 'THE GAME' tier upwards will receive a free PC/Mac/Linux copy of Life of Pixel should we be successfully funded. An extra Thank You from us! PS Vita...If we reach £6,500 we will 100% commit to a PS Vita version. Sometimes the ideas for the most addictive games don't come from traditional sources, like brainstorming meetings of development teams. Instead, they just pop up organically. That is the case here, where Lucas and I came up with the idea together. We call each other 'best bud', and really wanted to create a game together. We both love classic pixel art games; exploring and discovering cool stuff, shooting lots of nasties! So from there the concept was born, a game about teamwork, battling bad guys and using stupidly powerful weapons and power-ups to do it. A game about good over evil and about friendship, overcoming difficulties, and kicking bad-guy butt! Lucas sketched out various enemy designs, and built several enemies out of Lego. We then started thinking of level ideas and other enemies we'd like to see - we wanted each level to be really different to the next, and to have the enemies themed within each level. Lots of variety, loads of secrets (Rich is obsessed with adding secrets and nods to classic games). We even brought a nice leather notebook to put the ideas in - here it is. :) Snazzy notebook! From the page to the final game... Goretastic! Best Buds will be released on PC, Mac and Linux, on Steam and other stores. Steam Achievements & Leaderboards will be included. Best Buds on the Sofa! Relentless shooting & platforming arcade action, full of running and gunning and exploring to uncover secrets and hidden areas! Discover special power-ups such as tanks, skateboards, mine carts, TNT, giant-buds, mini-buds, banana napalm, donuts of death and many more! 2P local co-op - bring a friend and kick some bad guy butt! Equip insanely powerful, silly, and just plain deadly weapons to defeat the evil army and gain access to new areas. Equip shrink-rays, lasers, ice-cream blasters, buzzsaw guns, homing missiles, and more! Gigantic evil bosses and over 100 varied enemies to fight, many fresh from the imagination of an eleven year-old boy. 11 different worlds, lovingly pixelated in 16-bit Arcade machine style, with plenty of modern touches including detailed background animation, multi-layered parallax, weather and special effects. Achievements - we love rewards and we know you do too... and lots of them! Replay the game with a whole new level of challenge in REPLAY+ mode. Lots of options, including fully configurable controls. Leaderboards for Hardcore & Speedrun playthroughs, featuring quickest time, least damage taken, and more. Since this is a Super Icon game, there are plenty of references to classic games, such as Ghosts ’n Goblins, Green Beret, Bionic Commando, Black Tiger, and loads more! Platforms: PC / Mac / Linux (via Steam) We love themed enemies and themed levels; and this is on full display in Best Buds! Each enemy and boss has been lovingly crafted to have a distinct look, theme, and personality. And we love variety and diversity too - so that's why we pixelated over 100 of them, Nasty! Demon Gargoyle Spider-Droid Tar Machine Idle Flying Death Spawner Bomb Cannon Tripod Terror Full Enemy Sheet: The Cast of Evilness! (click to view full-size) And a few of the Bosses... Some Big Bosses. Gulp! (click to view full-size) Rewards Chart DOWNTOWN - Your Adventure begins in the neon lit downtown city district. Unfortunately it is full of robots, evil troops and tar monsters! Don't fall down the sewer - it stinks! SPOOKY GRAVEYARD - A spooky graveyard full of ghouls 'n ghosts! Visit the sinister mausoleum or perhaps the dead town of Wesston... ANCIENT CASTLE - A mysterious ancient castle - rumour has it there is more to the castle than meets the eye. BAD GUY TRAINING CAMP - Training camp and operational HQ for the really bad guys... 5AM sharp start! ENEMY MOUNTAIN HQ - The super top secret Bad Guy HQ... It has been said that it is so secret, even the bad guys don't know where it is! FLOATING CITY OF THE GODS - Everyone needs a place to live - even the Gods, and what a place it is! Only suitable if you don't mind heights... TOYWORLD - Help! The toys have turned Evil! Dr Jushaan has done bad things to these toys, so be careful! THE ICE PALACE - Pack your warmest clothes because things have turned chilly! Visit the Ice Palace ruins, slide down the slopes, or perhaps explore the mine? CANDYWOOD - A sweet and tasty level, yet be warned - things can get rather sticky! MUSHROOM VILLAGE - Ah... the fresh, organic tranquillity of the Mushroom village. Well, except for all the nasties that want to kill you! visit the King's castle too - beautiful spires. HELLISH FACTORY - This is it - the final battle! Dr Jushaan's hellish factory lair. He really loves red, and pulsating offal too! Big Skeleton Knight The Brain Boss Sees All! Lucas's concept enemies & the Best Buds, pixelated by Rich... Drill'n'Chomp 'Lego' Boss The Best Buds 'Lego' Bot Lucas's pencil concepts Your pledge of £10 or greater will get you a copy of the final game when it’s released. EARLY ACCESS Pledging £25 or more will also give you access to our closed Beta. The game will be highly playable at this phase (at least 90% content complete), but we will still be adding, removing and testing features. We anticipate a mid-June release for the Beta access. This can't be good! Super Icon is an independent multi-platform game-development studio. We are passionate about making great games based on unique ideas with cool gameplay and awesome graphics. Our heart is in our games. Our team consists of Richard Hill-Whittall, Claire Hill-Whittall and Steve Howard. Richard is the designer, artist, and audio producer—he basically loves anything and everything creative. Claire is responsible for all business and marketing aspects, and all the day-to-day fun & games. Steve is the coding genius—he loves code and code loves him! We ship our games, every time, even failed Kickstarter games :) We’re best known for our retro platformer, Life of Pixel, out now on PC, Mac, Linux and Wii U. Our latest release is Vektor Wars, for PC, Mac, Linux and soon for Wii U. Lucas and I have been working on Best Buds for the past few months, and to make this a high quality game and everything we know it can be, we need more resources for that final push to completion. Artwork & Audio: We need to pay for some more artwork; even more of those awesome enemies and knee shaking, end of level evil bosses. Along with that, we need more great chip-tunes, and we need to get these done to go with the awesome graphics and game-play. Voice Track: We want to include a 90s style Arcade voice over track - for announcing things like power-ups. We are thinking a cross between the Quake 3 voice and classic Sega arcade. Promotion & Marketing: We need marketing and PR support. Getting noticed isn't easy, we really need help to achieve the best chances of a successful launch for Best Buds. Community Building: We want to get the community involved in the creation of the game. Website: http://www.supericon.co.uk/bestbuds/ Twitter: Follow us! YouTube: Subscribe and watch! It's getting hot in here... Risks and challenges As a team, we have over 45 years of combined experience, with over 30 shipped titles. This experience has helped us plan for the risks that could impact Best Buds. As such, the bulk of the development work has already been completed and self-funded. Visibility – always one of the biggest challenges for a small indie developer. We’re doing our best to get Best Buds featured by press and players alike. We are focused on connecting with our followers and the gaming press. Source protection – we have a strong cloud based server infrastructure in place to back up our game/project code. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter