Support tagged@ and be a part of something new and exciting! In life, we are never in a situation and needing advice or assistance and think through all our contacts alphabetically... we think of those few people we know who are just right to help us handle it. So why group your contacts alphabetically? tagged@ will allow you to tag, categorize, and group your contacts based on how and why you interact with them. Make things easier on yourself. What started out as "Tag Your Life" is now simply called "tagged@" and allows you to tag and categorize people (contacts), photos, songs, videos, websites, places you've visited, and more - all via web or mobile. Have a friend who gives great advice? Tag them "wise". Having a bad week in your fantasy sports league? Reach out to your friend tagged "sports guru". So you want an example? Sure thing! Let's say you and your friend Rob are about to take a trip to Las Vegas - so much to do - so much to see - right? Well, during your trip, you can take photos of the lights, record the water fountain show at the Belagio, or even recreate your own 'Hangover' movie, if you so please. But now you are off the plane and back home and would love a way to categorize all of that trip easily so you never lose out on a photo, a video... a moment. Here is where we can help. Use tagged@ and create a new tag called "vegas" and in it, you can add photos, videos, your friend Rob, check-ins, and more. Want to share that "vegas" tag with Rob? Sure thing! You could even share the set of stuff you tagged with Rob easily via web or mobile. It starts with rethinking why we scroll through an alphabetic list of names in our phones or address books. Who just blew a tire and thinks, let me go through all the list of people I know, alphabetically, until I find a match to someone who can help me? And it doesn't stop there. tagged@ will be able to aggregate, categorize, group, and socially share almost any piece of data you can throw at it, including importing of contacts (people), geo-tagging (places), photos, videos, and music (media stuff), from other websites or directly from your mobile phone or web browser. Makes total sense, right?Our brains don't work that way - so why doesn't our mobile, contact, photo gallery, and address book experience work that way? Sure you have to categorize and order them somehow - so why not @tag them and make finding what you need a lot simpler, and TOTALLY more intuitive?The possibilities are endless. Risks and challenges As a web firm that specializes in web development, we can handle dang near anything. But with such a tightly integrated application that should be cross-browser, cross-OS, cross-mobile compliant and totally easy and simple to use, it requires a special kind of niche development and a great UI (user interface) and UX (user experience) to make the app not just work, but work intuitively. That is why the need for funding is so important - it will give us the extra up-front monetary resources and ability to not only do this project, but do it RIGHT! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter