MyPT is a very exciting mobile/web application that gives you instant connection to Personal Trainers, Coaches and Gyms. Its the equivalent of Uber for health, only its more individualised...Have you ever signed up to a gym, only to go a few times and regret paying so much? Have you ever been unsure about what to do in the gym? Do you need a personal coach or trainer that can give you that extra push? Are you just fed up with having to sign papers, give out details and worry about keeping schedule? Well we have something for you... Our service removes the need for memberships, contracts and tie-ins with gyms or PT's. Instead you, the customer, are in charge. Decide when you want to train, where you want, what service you require and for how long.With a 1 minute registration you can be connected with a personal trainer in moments. Just a few taps of your screen will setup a location, duration and time of your session. You will be given a code to enter the gym, so there is no need to be a member, or purchase a day pass. Like Uber, you pay for your session using the app over a secure payment server in which your details will be encrypted. This removes the need for exchanging money with your PT. After your session you will be able to rate the PT and the gym between 1 and 5.Our service will use your location to display all Personal Trainers local to you. We will then give you the option to pick a Personal Trainer of your choice. All PT's and coaches are certified to the highest level and are employed by MyPT. They will be dedicated to giving their clients the BEST service in the industry.You also have the option to pass up the PT and instead just purchase a gym pass at one of your local gym's. Again, we will give you a code, which you then give to the gym receptionist, or in some gyms, enter into the code-entry system.When you have your first session, you will receive a physical assessment which we call MyPT essentials. This is part of your first session and is free. Your PT or Coach will take your:Weight Height Body Fat Percentage Body Fat Mass Lean Body Mass Determine body type (ectomorph, endomorph or mesomorph) They will also give you a recommended caloric intake dependant on your goals. This will then be uploaded onto your personal profile for your viewing whenever you like. With these stats, you can track your progress over any given time - it is a great motivator.MyPT can also be linked to bodily sensors such as apple watches, medtronic devices and biometric sensors. With these, you will be able to see your blood sugar (glucose) levels, blood pressure, heart rate and respiratory rate, in real time. Imagine having a live health profile that you can view anytime you want. Well that is what we are giving you.We also hope to connect with medicinal professionals and integrate functions that alert you when something may be up, or when a checkup is recommend. It will be like your very own personal doctor, in your phone! Risks and challenges As much as we like to tell you how helpful and game-changing our service is for you guys, we know that there are many challanges ahead and we really hope that you appreciate this too :) We aim to get testing done as soon as we have a limited, but functioning version of our app ready. Once we start testing, we will email all of our backers and as we'll also have a clearer vision of when it will first be released, we'll give you first insight. Once we pass that, we will release it to the world. At the moment, we aim to have it rolled out by the end October. But even once it is released, we do expect to run into certain problems and troubles, its inevitable. Because of this, we will offer continuous great support and would greatly appreciate feedback, questions and comments on how we can be improved. Funding and money is a big part in making this work sweetly, as is time. So if we don't manage to meet our release goals, you can be sure it is because we are spending that extra time to make our service even more special. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter