Transform the Way You Imagine Building and Selling Office Furniture Real Estate with Dibujo How many times has your client struggled to imagine your design concepts for their next real estate lease or purchase? How often have you grappled with keeping the meeting full of enthusiasm and energy? Or worse, how regularly has a lack of imagination, enthusiasm and energy killed the deal? With Dibujo those problems are someone else’s. Dibujo is a new software app that is designed to address that complicated process where real estate owners and designers stand in an empty space and try to explain to a client what it will look like as they bring in their furniture. Instead of incredibly complex design elements that often require specialized classes to learn to use, Dibujo is accessible from the very first click. Instead of needing to "return to the drawing board" every time there is a revision, changes can be made in real time with the client. How Does This Save The Landlord And Real Estate Agent Time And Money?The client can bring all stakeholders to one meeting, allowing decisions to be made quickly and efficiently Many clients can have a difficult time envisioning the built out space from a 2D design. 3D modelling doesn't produce any better results. Our software gives them a more understandable picture of what's happening, increasing their satisfaction, real-time time layouts in their actual space, not a computer simulation. Reduce the need to contract out design work on platforms like eLance and oDesk.With Dibujo, you can go into your client meeting with all stakeholders, present your design, or several different design options, and make any modifications that the client needs in seconds. You won't have to leave the meeting, recreate the design, and then wait for the client to be able to gather stakeholders again, or even worse, send your changes by email and wait forever while they sit in someone's inbox.Show your employees their new surroundings before they move in. Get that early "buy in" from your team now and ease those future frustrations and tensions that always show up. For companies that don't include a person whose primary job is handling furniture, you often need to bring someone up to speed quickly before introducing them to the client. Dibujo can also be used to quickly explain the space and the design, making the transition smoother and more understandable for all parties. Add Revenue Streams Dibujo also offers an additional revenue stream for companies that could choose to offer fee based layouts to customers. Educate Clients and Contractors Finally, Dibujo offers great value as an educational tool to show the differences between various types of designs, such as an open plan workspace and a hybrid one, or cubes and benches. The software can even quickly show clients the difference in light, space, and visibility with solid walls or glass ones. A "save revision" feature even allows presenters to switch back and forth between the design they're presenting and a plan created for another contract, to show the client what might be possible. Change How Real Estate Is Sold By offering your real estate clients high quality and real time design options, you offer them the chance to do something new and exciting with their real estate choices. Instead of trying to guess how the space will look, or trust that the designer's vision will pan out, your client will be more confident in your design, which will increase their buy-in and reduce their concerns. That will make them an easier client to work with, and improve everyone's experience. Risks and challenges We view the following to be the most significant risks. -We may not be able to obtain the required resources to complete the develop of the software at the current estimated cost. -Relevant technology may change prior to completion of the project causing delays and added costs. Although based on our experience and research (including estimates from developers) we believe that we can complete the development of the project by the timeline. However, if we are unable to complete the project as anticipated, we may need to seek additional funding and this may cause delays. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter