For all the backers with our game digital copy reward, this digital copy will be available DRM-free as well as on Steam . PLAY THE GAME DEMO WEB VERSION HERE ( Please launch with IE or Safari, also the Unity Web Player plug-in installation might be required if you didn't have it before) YOU CAN ALSO DOWNLOAD THE GAME DEMO: WINDOWS / MAC The Story of LUNABehind the veil of reality, lies an enchanted world. When the world lost its balance, it fell upon a boy to take on an unexpected journey. Until the moon rises again, the order of the world will not be restored. One can not go back in time to correct his mistake. Whatever happened is irreversible...or is it?Together with our main character and his mystery friend, players will experience an unique adventure that requires both courage and determination. Enter the ancient tower that stands at the edge of world, help the character bring back his lost memories and find out the darkest secret beyond the tower itself.Character Design & Game Art Traditional frame by frame character animationJust look at those little legs moving↑. Seriously, who can resist not using this time consuming, expensive and bonkers animation technique in a game?! People might say we are crazy. We agree. Single player mode with Dual character controlHow many things can go wrong when you need to control 2 characters at the same time? Yes, a LOT. But double the difficulty means double the fun... and... double the difficulty. Think outside of the box of the boxSpin your monitor and shake the tablet! In order to solve the puzzles, not only your logic will be challenged but also your reaction speed, music sensibility and, most importantly, your imagination. LESS reading MORE cinematicsWe replaced the dialogue system with a series of stylized cinematic animations. No matter where you're from, human or Martian, you will have fun playing this game! Game Platform The game will be available on PC (Steam) iOS (app store) and Android system (play store). Interactive Original MusicWe are so serious about the music that our musician has sold her soul to the game music devil. LUNA Theme Music ( Piano performance by our musician Wang Qian ) LUNA Gameplay video You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Here are some animation clips from the cinematic of the game The game LUNA has transformed so much since the first few sketches were put down on the back of some phone-bill envelope. It has become something we really love and proud. The more we develop, the further this game seems to take us and surprise us.Because we insisted on maintaining the highest quality of art and game play experience during development, two of our team members ( art and coding) decided to quit their jobs and start working full time on this project.Therefore, your support plays a crucial part in backing us financially, which would help us to produce this game at the highest possible standard. Here is how your contribution will be implemented: And with your additional contribution we can go even further! So who are we? Lantern Studio is a small creative team founded in 2015. Secretly, we are summoned by the ancient sprites of LUNA, and get together to complete an important mission: Making this game happen. Follow us onWEBSITE | TWITTER | FACEBOOK | YOUTUBE Risks and challenges Every single bit of money raised from this campaign will go into the production, we are determined and fully committed to finish this game. We will get it done! That's our promise. However, you can never foresee every bump in the road no matter how well prepared you are. Every resting bug, technical challenge, or just unexpected daily life crises could affect a small team like us. So we will post updates as often as possible to keep our backers informed about the game's development. We will try our best to control the costs, get extra help if needed and make sure every change is made efficiently. We're now 5 months into the development, with a playable four- level demo and have established an efficient working system between all the team members. We will be committing at least 40 hours per week of work for the art and programming. We are planning to launch the beta version of the game by the first quarter of 2017, and launch the complete game on iOS & Steam in the summer 2017. Our dedication, experience, and passion for the game has brought us so far, and we will continue the journey. Your help will make LUNA as amazing as it can be. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter