The Stove Lite is a traditional looking lantern that is anything but conventional. It contains a thermoelectric generator - technology that makes it possible to create electricity from heat without moving parts. The Tegpro Thermoelectric Module is the core technology behind the Stove Lite. The Stove Lite harnesses heat from your wood stove, converting it to electricity that powers its built-in light, as well as charging its battery and your smartphone device.Whether you occupy an "off-grid" home (a house without infrastructure electricity), are preparing for a disaster / power outages, or are simply trying to make your home more efficient, our patented Stove Lite is an attractive and effortless solution to turn your wood stove into a miniature power plant.The Story of the Stove LiteWe are a close group of engineers from Vermont Technical College, who have been working with thermoelectric technology that allows heat to be converted to electricity.The idea for the Stove Lite first came to us when we found a rusty old kerosene lantern in an antique shop. Hurricane lanterns, as they were once known, were an essential tool for homesteaders with their simplistic design, robust construction, and aggressive light output. We felt this beautiful and practical design could be preserved if it was retrofitted with modern technology. We brought the lantern back to our shop, painted over the rust, and outfitted the cavity with a thermoelectric module, custom electronics, and LEDs. The first Stove Lite! (Yes, that's a plastic Dixie cup). The first prototype worked, but we knew we could improve the reliability, efficiency, and light output. Several drawings were created as we worked on a production prototype. We focused on affordability and ease of construction, so that we could assemble it efficiently once we had the materials. We found a quality source of lantern shells, and gave them a new look with black paint and brass trim. Design and testing of the Stove Lite We rallied all of our friends with wood stoves, and they volunteered to become Stove Lite beta testers. After months of testing and revisions, we had an efficient circuit that made the Stove Lite bright and efficient. Even the non-battery version of the lantern will continue running for a few minutes after removal from the stove top! It also yielded enough excess power to charge a battery, paving the way for the Stovelite Pro. Previous Kickstarter Attempt & ImprovementsThis is our second Kickstarter attempt. The first one ended in May, 2014. Although it was not funded, it was by no means a failure. We received almost $30,000 in pledges, and that campaign served as an opportunity for us to learn about what people desired in the Stove Lite. We have made some design adjustments which give it a more solid look and feel. We have added a micro-USB charging input to the Stove Lite Pro, which greatly extends the usability of this light to year-round use as a portable lantern. We have also sharpened our pencils, and found ways to achieve a more realistic funding goal. We are offering two different versions of the Stove Lite: Stove Lite BasicIlluminates your room while sitting on your stove, and up to 5 minutes after removal.The Stove Lite Basic edition is very straightforward: when you've got a fire going in your wood stove, place the Stove Lite on top. Within a few minutes, heat is absorbed by the Stove Lite's built-in thermoelectric generator and the LEDs come to life. Enjoy the warmth of your stove with the soft and surprisingly bright light provided by the Stove Lite. The Stove Lite can be removed from the stove and the LEDs will continue to emit light for a few minutes as a portable lantern. As an added advantage, a small fan will help circulate the heat from your stove.Stove Lite ProCharges your USB devices, dims, illuminates your room while sitting on your stove, and up to 8 hours after removal.This version has all the features of the Stove Lite Basic, with the addition of a dimmer, built-in battery, USB charging outlet, and a micro USB charging jack. The built-in battery stores power, allowing the light to be even more portable. It can also be used to charge your smartphone, tablet, or other devices via the USB charging outlet. Charging the Stove Lite can be done by either a.) placing it on a hot stove, or b.) plugging a standard wall adapter, lighter outlet cord, or other micro-USB charging cable (not supplied) into the charging jack. Once the battery is charged, you can plug a smartphone or other device into its USB charging outlet. You can also use it as a portable lantern, running off its internal battery. The Stove Lite Pro charges in a couple hours and provides light for up to 8 hours, or enough power to charge your smartphone. Finally, the Stove Lite Pro features a dimming control so that you can adjust its light output to fit the mood of the room. To make the Stove Lite even more practical, we have developed some accessories that are often essential to wood stove owners. Solar Window ChargerWith the Stove Lite Solar Window Charger, you can use the power of the sun to charge your Stove Lite Pro. It sticks directly to most windows, and charges an internal battery that holds up to 2600 mAh power. It has a standard micro-USB plug, which can be used to provide power to the Stove Lite Pro, as well as a variety of other USB powered devices. Solar Window Charger Stove Lite Trivet We have worked with a custom provider to create this decorative trivet, featuring the Stove Lite logo! Made out of cast aluminum, it's great for your Stove Lite, hot dishes, and more. We are including the Stove Lite Trivet with your pledge for the Stove Lite Pro, as they will give you a safe spot to place the lantern while charging your devices. Stove Lite Trivet We have perfected the aesthetics and optimized the electronics of the Stove Lite so that it is as beautiful and easy to use as possible. More than a conversation piece, it is ready to be the centerpiece of your living area - while providing valuable functionality as a source of light and power.Now we need your help to build the Stove Lite in numbers. With enough backing, we hope to take our prototypes into production, getting them into your home in time for next winter.Fullfillment TimelineHere's an overview of what needs to happen and when, in order for the Kickstarter rewards to be delivered to you.December 1st, 2014 - January 1st, 2015 - Testing & Design Review of new Stove Lite Thermoelectric Generator & Control SystemJan 1st - February 1st - Procure materials to build Stove Lites (lantern shells, LEDs, thermoelectric modules, control components ).February 1st - May 15th - Receive the parts & materials (lantern shells, LEDs, thermoelectric modules, control components) to build the Stove Lites!May 15th - June 15th - Stove Lite assembly: Assembly & installation of Thermoelectric Generator, assembly & installation of LED light engine & control circuity (for the Stove Lite Pros).June 15th - June 30th - Quality control review of all Stove Lite products before we ship them out to the backers.July 1st - July 31st- Shipping of all products and final review of Kickstarter campaign fulfillment.Thank you for your interest in our Kickstarter campaign. We welcome (and need) your feedback throughout the entire process! Risks and challenges We have striven to streamline the production process in order to minimize the build cost, and reduce the chance of setbacks. If any issues come up, we believe good communication is imperative. We will update all of our backers via e-mail and maintain a Q&A center throughout the process. Our company has a long history of designing LED drivers. We have developed and brought to market a number of innovative products such as the first drop-in LED fluorescent tube replacement. We also create custom solutions for manufacturers who are trying to make their own LED products. Over the years, we have become experts in thermal management, and converting small amounts of voltage into usable power. As it turns out, these are the same challenges faced when working with thermoelectric generators. We have recently perfected the design of a small and very efficient device that regulates the output of thermoelectric modules. The Stove Lite is the first product Tegpro, a division of LEDdynamics Inc., has released on Kickstarter. However with LEDdynamics' 10 years of experience designing complex thermally engineered products, you can rest assured we will deliver a quality product on time. All Stove Lites are hand assembled in Vermont, USA. Find us on the web: www.stovelite.com Like our Facebook page! www.facebook.com/stovelite Stove Lite on Google + https://plus.google.com/+Stovelite/ Learn about accountability on Kickstarter