Hi! We are The Kentucky Gentlemen, a two-piece power-blues and roots-rock band from the sprawling metropolis of Wichita, KS. We are currently in the process of trying to fund, record, master, press, and promote our debut EP! There's a lot of information related to our Kickstarter campaign we need to discuss, but first, a quick explanation of why we picked this exact moment to begin this creative musical endeavor.We've been playing around the midwest for the last three years, and during that time, more people than we can count have approached us at shows, or messaged us online, to ask why we don't have an album for sale. The reason for this is threefold: Like a quality bourbon, a new musical project has to undergo a lengthy aging process before all the constituent components can mature enough to be worthy of consumption. We legitimately feel like we're honing our craft with every performance, and it would have been a disservice to our fans if we'd committed the time and resources necessary to record an album before our musical styles had time to mesh. Some musicians are prolific songwriters. Unfortunately, we were not blessed with this quality. It has taken us until now to amass enough material to record an EP that we're confident will meet our high standards of quality. Making a record means raising money, raising money takes a large fan-base, and building a large fan-base takes time and requires you to play a lot of dive bars for no money. We've got no delusions of grandeur, but we're finally confident that we've got enough fans here in our hometown and beyond that we can successfully fund the record. Why Foot Percussion?We started playing together because we recognized that nobody in town was playing the kind of blues we wanted to hear. In the beginning, we fully intended to pull in a drummer and be a trio, but we couldn't find the right person (which had as much to do with our personalities as it did our musical sensibilities). Solo blues artists accompanying themselves with foot percussion is hardly a new idea. Plenty of players in the past have stomped their feet in time on the floor, or on a tambourine, or on their guitar cases, to enhance the somewhat limited percussive capabilities of the acoustic guitar. Furthermore, recording methods used during the post-war electric blues era were so crude that all that really comes across in most of the iconic tunes from that period is the rhythmic boom-chick of the bass and snare. That's where the inspiration came from, and in the winter of 2011, we started playing around with different systems to fill the drummer-sized hole in our project. We quickly figured out that with a little ingenuity, we could emulate the sounds of early electric blues artists like Little Walter, Jimmy Rodgers, early Freddie King, etc, by splitting a three-piece kit between the two of us, with Aaron covering bass and snare, and Mitch covering the hi-hat. By 2012 we were woodshedding the project and playing our first paying gigs. Initially, we did covers, but after a while, finding new material to play was an issue. We've personally witnessed many acts that seem thoroughly content to do a few shuffles, do a couple slow blues tunes, throw an SRV or Hendrix cover in there from time to time, and call it a night. We knew we didn't want to fall into those tropes, and eventually, creating original material became our primary focus. You really don't realize how crucial percussion is to a modern blues act until you try to form one without it. Right out of the gate, we understood there were certain styles we just couldn't pull off. We were never short of song ideas, but most of them were scrapped because they sounded too empty and incomplete without something filling the huge void that's usually occupied by crash hits, ride cymbal, and drum fills. We learned an important lesson during that time period; to make it as a musician, you have to find what you do well, and then do it. It sounds obvious when you say it out loud, but you'd be surprised how many talented musicians are out there right now trying to sound like something they're not, to the detriment of their musical development. Instead of dwelling on the undeniable fact that we were severely limited by our percussive handicap, we started writing material that suited our style. Eventually, what was once our biggest limitation became the impetus for us to explore musical territory that maybe we never would have found if the presence of a conventional drummer had allowed us to fall into familiar tropes. Foot percussion has made us more accomplished, more thoughtful players. It has made us stronger singers, more attentive and creative songwriters, and it's improved our relationship with the audience. Regardless of wherever we find ourselves on our musical journeys, it will always inform our musical sensibilities in a decidedly positive way.Why $8500?In the interest of transparency, we've provided the following breakdown of costs associated with the creation of our debut EP. We want you, our loyal fans, to be confident in the fact that we're using your hard-earned money to create the highest-quality product possible.$850 - Kickstarter and Amazon Payments feesThis one's pretty self-explanatory. Kickstarter isn't allowing us to use this wonderful platform to fund our project for free, nor is Amazon Payments going to process the credit card transactions without taking a cut. $350 - Promo MaterialsIn preparation for this campaign, we had to hire a photographer to shoot promo pictures, a videographer to shoot the video you see above, and a printer to make the physical postcards we'll be using to promote our project in the upcoming weeks. $3000 - Studio Time and EngineeringCatching lightning in a bottle isn't easy, but that's exactly the task with which the sound engineer is charged. No amount of Pro Tools-wizardry is going to save an album if exemplary sounds and inspired performances aren't captured in the studio.$2800 - Press and PromotionIf music enthusiasts around the nation aren't aware of the existence of our EP, then spending all the money in the world on engineering and mastering would be in vain. We've found a company that handles radio and print media for some of the biggest names in the blues genre, and for a nominal fee, they'll promote our album, too. $500 - MasteringTypically, professional engineers don't master the tracks they've helped create. Once the album is recorded, we'll send it off to have those rough edges polished away. $1000 - Pressing the Physical AlbumSlowly but surely, compact disc sales are dropping as people increasingly prefer to purchase their music from web-based sources. Our EP will certainly be available for digital download in various corners of the internet, but we'll still be pressing a significant number of CD's for those of you who prefer a more tactile listening experience.What Are The Rewards?Most of the rewards we're offering are pretty self explanatory. We tried to keep our descriptions succinct, but there are several packages that warrant a bit more explanation. We will be in contact with all donors via email to personally thank them for their generosity, and to exchange pertinent information related to their rewards packages, i.e. t-shirt size, estimated shipping date, etc.Pledge $250 or more - FRAMED HAND PAINTED ARTWORKBy the time the EP is released, we will have hired an artist to design 4 different items for us: our current t-shirt, an exclusive t-shirt which will be available only as a part of this Kickstarter campaign, artwork for the cover of the physical album, and a poster for the CD release party next year. The artist we hire likes to physically paint these designs on paper before creating a vector image which we then use for various purposes. We are going to frame these paintings and offer them as rewards for our generous donors.Obviously, all the designs will be unique. In the event that more than one person donates at this level, we will let those people choose which design they want on a first-come, first-served basis.Pledge $400 or more - CUSTOM CIGAR BOX GUITARIn years past, Aaron has had a fair amount of schooling in guitar luthiery, and we thought it would be fun to offer cigar box guitars as one of our rewards. For any interested party who isn't familiar with this instrument, please click the link below:Cigar Box GuitarWhile there are many fretted cigar box guitars on the market, ours are fretless with high action, and are designed to be played with a slide. There are a number of customization options available, and we will be in contact with anyone who donates at this level to discuss the specifics. There's a video down below where you can see our cigar box guitar in action. Please, take a moment and check it out if you're interested in this package.Pledge $1000 or more - LIVE 90 MINUTE PERFORMANCEThere are a couple of caveats we need to establish to ensure that everyone involved has a pleasurable experience if you decide to purchase this package: - venue must be located within 150 miles of Wichita, KS - you must provide 90 days notice of the date you want us to play As with all the other packages, we will be in touch via email when you donate at this level to discuss specifics. Pledge $1000 or more - HAND WIRED TUBE AMPIn order to further his musical career, Mitch dropped out of Wichita State University in 2012 with 3/4 of a major in electrical engineering. Along the way he learned enough to repair and piece together vintage tube amps. The amp we're offering here is based on a Fender Princeton 5f2-a circuit. This is a single-ended class A tube amp with a 12ax7 preamp tube, an 6v6gt power tube, and a NOS 5y3 rectifier. It has a hand-built turret board (no PCB's!) and is laboriously hand-wired by a hung-over musician in a garage somewhere on Saturday morning. It has a Jenson CR8 8" ceramic speaker, and the cabinet is constructed of 1" pine. Like the cigar box guitar, this amp has several customization options available. We will be in touch via email to discuss those options when you donate at this level. And please, take a moment to view the video below, where you can see the amp in action. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Risks and challenges We've got some great rewards set-up, especially our hand crafted items. Cigar Box Guitars take a bit of expertise to build, not to mention the technical know-how behind hand-wiring a Custom tube amp. Instead of seeing these as a challenge we see it as an opportunity. We have been building a wood shop in Mitch's garage for months now. After completing prototypes for both offerings, we are proud to be able to offer some truly unique Kickstarter rewards. A challenge that I did not see coming has a little more to do with the actual record. Where we live, projects happen on a promise, a hand shake, and cash on completion. The budget, or availability would determine how far we went on something. It's been difficult to come up with a funding goal before the project starts, and then planning to complete it fast enough to get rewards out in a reasonable time. It has taken a while, but has lead to having several studios and several producers on stand-by to fight the availability issue. We have put up a funding goal that represents the bare essentials of what we feel can create a quality record. If we were to exceed these numbers we would invest that into things like; more records printed, more records for promotion, better packaging, or an expanded radio campaign. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter