Stand Up Comedy: poetry's idiot relation, right? Performance poetry: comedy's boring cousin, yes? Let's find out! In Stand Up & Slam! we pitch comedians against poets to create a hilarious and entertaining fight night, with the audience deciding which side is better. Our regular Team Captains lead their sides against one another, and the art forms are mashed up and pushed to their limits. Lucy (Chatback Comedy, Camden Comedy Club) produced comedy nights around the UK and imagined a poetry night to be a dull evening run by pretentious, thesaurus wielding boredom machines. Dan (BBC, Glastonbury Slam Host) ran poetry nights and imagined comedy gigs to be full of obvious jokes and substandard puns. They went to each other's shows and realised both art forms are AWESOME and actually have LOADS in common - but not the same sort of audiences. They thought that there's no reason both art forms shouldn't appeal to everyone, and - not wanting anyone to miss out because they had false preconceptions - they created Stand Up & Slam! What makes this show different? We always get feedback like "I thought I'd hate the poets, but they're actually amazing!" or "I usually don't like stand-up, but these guys were so funny!". We believe in the value of this show to change people's minds. Poetry is often seen as high brow and inaccessible, whilst comedy is portrayed as simplistic, easy laughs. We know different, and Stand Up & Slam is the show to break down those perceptions by letting audiences see high quality performers from both art forms. Why the Fringe? After sell-out runs at the Comedy Cafe and Hackney Attic, we want to bring this unique show to the biggest performing arts festival in the world. We've worked hard to create a brilliant format for the show, and we're getting big audiences and positive reviews at its regular home at Camden Comedy Club. The Edinburgh Fringe will take SU&S to a bigger audience - and to people working in the industry. Why Kickstart? SU&S is part of the Free Fringe, so audiences can see the show for free - which we believe is an awesome thing. It does, however, mean we take no income from the show from ticket sales. The producers have put in their own money to make the show happen, and we have a small pot of money made from current shows. Fringe costs - even for a free show - are prohibitively expensive. We have a fantastic central venue secured at an ideal time of day, strong and eye-catching branding, and the collective will and talent to make the show a huge success. The Fringe has 3000+ shows taking part, and your contribution will massively help us: by going towards the marketing needed to make us stand out further. Don't see a reward you like, but want to help out with the show? Let us know and we'll see what we can do. Be part of Stand Up & Slam and pick a reward that suits you - and come see us at the Fringe! SU&S Team Captains: getting along famously Risks and challenges We've come through one of the biggest challenges so far: our venue, Cowgatehead, went through some ownership issues - but we retained our slot so the show can go ahead as planned. However, this situation did mean we couldn't start full-on production as early as we hoped, which has increased some costs. Your contribution will help us mitigate that! The biggest risk in Edinburgh is getting in an audience. The team working on the show are all experienced performers and producers who have created successful and sell-out shows before, and with your help we can do the same with Stand Up & Slam. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter