Sample: Wheat Fields of Honey and GoldSouthern Minnesota Dream Album Release I am ready to come full circle, to return to where the writing of this album began.. NYC. After four years of travels, gathering inspiration for new songs and stories, I now find myself in Seattle, on the brink of turning this dream into a beautiful reality, and creating a project where we can finally release my solo album, Southern Minnesota Dream back home in NYC. This is an opportunity to come together once again, share these stories of my travels with the people who have supported me along the way to this very spot I sit. It is time for a reunion of good people and good music at the Skytown Restaurant in Brooklyn. I feel like I am knocking at the door of destiny, standing hand in hand with those who have walked with me through this long process of musical and emotional growth. Together, I want to open this door, together I want to gather at Skytown to rejoice in the making of this album. Together as family and friends we will make this happen. Risks and challenges The scariest part of this project is the financial side of it, and I am fairly certain that goes with many other kickstarter projects. It can be unsettling to ask dear friends and family for financial help, afraid to fail and not be able to return the favor. The idea for this project stems from witnessing my friends open their dream restaurant, looking at all the pictures of friends gathering together to rejoice in turning a dream into something tangible! I WANT THAT! If I look back at all the times I have been placed in a situation of where I was afraid to fail, I have always found success, and much of it is due to the support that gathers around me; the reason why Skytown stands! Good people are ready to take part in this project. My dear friends at Skytown are ready to create a place for us to gather. Individuals are making sure we have housing, food, and equipment. The word of this event is growing, traveling quickly, the music is ready to be shared, stories to be told. I got something in me that just tickles, and I trust it's a good thing, a belief in this project. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter