UPDATE: Holy cow, we did it guys!We were able to get passed the 100% mark for Craftyy! Thank you all so so much! We're incredibly humbled by all the amazing support we've received in the past month, and are incredibly happy that we can keep working on this crazy idea of ours.In the meantime, also check out the alpha demo for the game we're building using a more fully fledged version of Craftyy that'll be out in the next few weeks to come!Click here to play Games: The Game.... you know you want to Made with the Craftyy engine, we're going to be releasing this full standalone game before the campaign ends, on Chrome Web Store, Pokki, and Kongregate. Don't worry, we'll update the credits with the new $25+ Backers, but you'd better hurry, coz the campaign's almost over!Check our other updates: 01 Days Left: We did it!!! 02 Days Left: Dawn of the Second Day 08 Days Left: Herd of Mouth 11 Days Left: Featuring You! (yeah you) 14 Days Left: Watch the remixes grow! 28 Days Left: A Big Thank You All glory to the ever-growing Games Garden! Game development gets collaborative Craftyy began with a simple idea. What if you could remix other people’s games? Over the many decades that video game development has been around, people have been iterating and building upon ideas to help grow the industry. We want to take this idea and run with it, incorporating the ability to remix another person’s game, build upon it, and send it back out to the web instantly.No need to download a program, no need to know how to program – suddenly game development becomes accessible and collaborative with Craftyy, and we think that’s pretty cool!Try it out right now!While the Craftyy is still in the beta stages, we’d love to get you guys building and remixing games right now!Click here to go to the games portal! Or head right into one of the games from the video! Pong Breakout Space Invaders We believe that giving anyone the ability to shape games and share it with their friends will help show the natural progression of video game genealogy. The game you make today could create inspiration for many others and lead to an experience that no one person could have dreamed up. All it needs is one seedling to create a huge branching tree. The entire experience on one siteWe’re aiming Craftyy to house everything you’ll need to not only build your games, but also to share them on the web just like any of your favourite gaming portal sites. The advantage here is how the entire process of building and distributing your game is incredibly easy.No converting your game to a format that’s supported, no need to wait for long upload times – simply share your game and voila, it creates its very own webpage on the Craftyy website.Craftyy will be released and supported on Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox and Safari. Share your game! The Craftyy homepage will act as a gaming portal where you can distribute your game, and play other's games! Remix your favourite games. In the spirit of crowdsourced creation, you can remix others games and build upon them before pushing them back out to the community. Watch games evolve and branch out over time! Account system. Keep track of your drafts, games, and who has remixed your works through a simple to use account system. Comment and rate. You'll be able to comment and rate other people's games, in order to see what's great, and what needs to be improved! Community discussion. We'll have a forum that'll let you talk and organize with other crafters, as well as give direct feedback on what you want to see improved upon with the site The simple interface of the editor! Well this all sounds dandy, but why Kickstarter? Kickstarter seemed like the right kind of venue to get this project up and running. The idea behind Craftyy was to create a crowdsource friendly game dev environment, and that mentality seemed to fit really well with what Kickstarter is all about with its crowdfunding.While we have been able to develop a demo of the editor and basic remixing, the project is far from complete in our minds. With your help, these funds would allow us to continue development for the rest of the year and create a platform that would include a more realized editor, as well as the fully featured game portal site that all these games will live on.It also allows us to meet you, the awesome backers, and hear what you’d like to see in Craftyy. Just like how the site will work, we want this to be a collaborative experience where you help us shape what Craftyy becomes, in order for it to be exactly what you want.Rewards! If we can get funded, the entire experience of Craftyy will be 100% free to use and experience for anyone who wishes to play with it. We want to make sure that you, the backers, are properly rewarded for being amazing people and helping us out.Premium accounts will give you access to beta builds of new features that won’t be accessible to regular users. On top of this, you’ll never see ads while using the Craftyy website! We also have lots more personal rewards that you should definitely check out. We want you to know that regardless of how much you donate, we whole-heartedly appreciate the support. We really couldn't do this without you guys. Who we are. We both met each other through the Pokki 1Up Contest, and teamed up on the initial idea for Craftyy at Startup Weekend. After winning 1st Place, we knew we had to expand upon it, with the help of the community. From there we got mentorship and guidance from former EA producer, now turned Indie, Ethan Levy. Nick Liow -- Better known as NutcaseNightmare, I've been making games since I was nine. My most popular work is the :The Game: series, which won a Mochis 2012 award. (http://www.flashgamingsummit.com/awards.html) Afterwards, I migrated from Flash to HTML5, and won the $30K grand prize for my game, 4 Horsemen. (https://www.pokki.com/1up) Jason Church -- I've been studying interactive design and media structures for a number of years now, and have been a long time gamer and hobbyist filmmaker with a hit series on channels like Machinima (http://www.youtube.com/roboboots). More recently, I delved into HTML5 game development and created a popular pet game called Mini Morphs (https://www.pokki.com/app/Mini-Morphs) Special thanks. Thanks to SweetLabs and Ethan Levy for the fantastic mentorship and encouragement. And a big thank you to Sycamore Drive for his songs "Kicks" and "Mortimer's Melody", as well as Chris Collins for the song "Strawberry Sherry".