Nanohive is a small device that plugs directly into the wall. It is a personal server, personal cloud, and hub to share and transfer files at blazing speeds. Nanohive is the result of years of frustration with the framework of the Internet. We created a better way to host websites, store data and share files, all while giving you the ability to own your digital property.Visit nanohiveserver.com to see a 360° view of Nanohive on a website hosted on one of our prototypes. Hosting / Own Your Site. If you've ever put up a website you know it's expensive and confusing. Hosting companies charge upwards of $120 a year (or several hundred a month for a dedicated server) to rent space on their servers. With Internet speed increasing rapidly, it's time to host your own website. Nanohive provides an effortless option to host a website without monthly or annual fees. Upload your website files. Set your domain name. Boom, you're live. Nanohive gives you a free domain name at (YourChoice).mynanohive.com, or you can purchase your own and connect it directly to your Nanohive. We developed our platform off of Linux that's highly optimized to handle heavy traffic and interaction on your website. Your Cloud. Nanohive allows you to backup or share files with 100% privacy, 0 monthly fees and no limits. You can share or store anything from pictures to game mods, a movie collection to an entire music library, whether you have a Mac, PC, Linux, or mobile OS. Adding external USB drives gives Nanohive extended storage capacity. Permissions can be created for any number of users allowing them to upload, download, or only see a certain file. Users can login from any Internet browser. There are no required software installations on your devices, Nanohive handles it. Open a browser and type in your cloud address. You never have to remember your files again. Your cloud address is also known as a DNS. We offer you a free one at our mynanohive.com/cloud domain (for example, (YourChoice).mynanohive.com/cloud). Domain names can also be purchased and forwarded to your Nanohive (for example, joescloud.com). File Sharing. Sharing files has never been faster. With Nanohive you can send any sized file without a lesser upload time. You maintain your privacy by sending large files directly to recipients and skipping FTP clients and other middlemen altogether. Nanohive also allows you to create user accounts. This way you can give your friends access to transfer files to and from your Nanohive with usernames and passwords. You have complete control on what they can or can't see by adjusting their level of access. Data Protection. Nanohive uses a Linux based operating system and AES 256-bit encryption for security of data. For hosting, we took measures to prevent SQL injection, bot attacks, and brute force attacks. The administrative panel can only be accessed within the local Nanohive network by using a password and login. This helps make Nanohive secure against external network attacks and network spying. Additional measures have been taken like using standard secure FTP and tunneling, but security is a constant work in progress. By having your own server, you become a smaller target. Hackers aren't waiting at the gate as they would on a major data-center. Nanohive works like a wrapper over the Linux OS. That way you can still receive Linux community updates on top of updates from our software team.Safeguarding your data does not stop with network threats. Nanohive can be set to automatically backup devices on your network, so you never need to worry about your computer or mobile device crashing again. We are currently choosing 3rd party software for the automatic backup, with future plans to have it built in. We also are working on offsite backup methods and solutions to physical theft/property damage. Simplicity & Beyond. Good design has always been about keeping things simple. Our focus is to create a beautiful exterior, as well as a smooth and intuitive user experience. We want to eliminate complex control panels, along with the need to understand and write code. The Nanohive user interface will be your Linux admin. A simple click from you activates the script, and does all the complex work behind the scenes. Everything is accessed through a browser like a VNC hybrid client. It only takes a few minutes to make a website live. For advanced developers, feel free to use the full Linux operating system. This will allow you to install MySQL, Ruby, Perl, Python, are all Linux compatible software. We're excited to see the crazy things that people will create. Technical Specifications Quad Core ARM processor (SoC) Linux flavored operating system 2GB RAM 8GB of onboard storage Dual USB 2.0 ports for expandable storage capacity (plug in external hard drives and/or flash drives...this makes your Nanohive bigger so you can have extended storage for hosting, backup, file transfer, and cloud storage) Ethernet 10/100 Energy efficient- Uses less than 5 watts of power (a fraction of what your standard lightbulb uses) Demo You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with sound 00:00 00:00 Development Process To keep the device small and maintain flawless performance, we developed our board from scratch. Circuit board shown of development prototype board Software development has been in motion for years. We have been prototyping software and security options, along with user experience. After multiple sketches and models, we produced our concept shell and 3D printed it. Where we are at: Currently our Nanohive prototype is an Odroid development board. We are test bedding for proof of concept. Board schematics and layout for hardware are complete. Linux/ Apache operating system flavor that supports ARM architecture. Backend software in code complete, awaiting connection to the GUI side. What is in development: Our user interface is still in development and currently it is in the code stage. We need to design a UI that is easy to understand and use. Our vision is simple click methods that require no coding. We also are working on automatic port forwarding. Currently you need to change your router settings in a dynamic ip. We are working to eliminate this step to make Nanohive a simpler setup.A better method to add a 3rd party domain name. A built in automatic backup feature for your local devices (currently using 3rd party software)Revisit our security shell and add personnel to enhance protection. Production Our team has been in contact with several manufacturers and with your help we will be ready to move into production. We need a plastic injection mold for the outer shell. This involves making a mold out of aluminum to suit our shell design. The plastic is then injected into the mold and hardens. We already have the CAD files ready to send. We produced and tested our circuit board vigorously to ensure we will be delivering a quality product. The circuit board has to be manufactured from ground up. First, the circuit board needs to be fabricated. Once complete, the board will have its components mounted by machine. Finally, the board will go through a "reflow oven" to heat up the solder and join the parts to the board. Once the outer shells are molded and circuit boards have been created, all the components will return to our headquarters for final assembly. Assembly includes: mounting the circuit board, installing the prongs for the outlet, uploading the software, and running a basic test before the product is delivered. FAQ What electrical outlet size and voltage does Nanohive use? Nanohive uses the American Standard Plug at 120V. A converter can be used for international use. I don't know how to use Linux or Apache, will I need to know any code for the user interface? We made the user interface simple to use. It requires very minimal computer skills to operate and no coding. How can I reliably provide an IP address to Nanohive when the address assigned by my internet provider is dynamic? We are developing a forwarding service which will be provided with Nanohive and can be configured with the user interface. Our prototype is addressed through a dynamic IP in this manner. What internet browsers can I use for the user interface? All major internet browsers are fully supported. These include Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer, and Opera. How much will Nanohive's retail cost be? Nanohive will retail for $99 plus tax and shipping. Risks and challenges Creating a quality functional product is crucial. Affordability is also a main concern. We have to manufacture in volume to keep the costs of production low. We need to output at least 1,000 units to make Nanohive a reality. Manufacturing setup costs can be expensive, so we need to act with precision to get it right the first time. Developing an easy to use product isn't so easy. We are dedicated to making Nanohive the easiest server to use. We are working hard on the interface to make it an even simpler user experience. Special thanks to everyone who helped make this happen. Martin, Nick, Ryan, Heather, Diana, Nate, Alex, Frank, and Sketchfab. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter