Welcome to The Jinxes' second Kickstarter project! We are a Monterey Bay indie folk-pop duo and a devoted couple who have been making music together :-) since 2010. We are thrilled to be returning to Gadgetbox Studios in Santa Cruz this July to record four more fully-arranged original songs which will become our sophomore EP, "We Create".Our debut EP, "Send Me A Sign", was the result of a successful first Kickstarter campaign in the Spring of 2012 and it has garnered some wonderful reviews as well as placements in an upcoming webseries, an independent feature-length film to be released this Fall, and an advertisement for music-related software! Hurrah!! We're growing, and our songs are seeping out into the world!Your participation as a Kickstarter backer for this project will: Allow us to hire excellent session musicians who will help bring four songs to full and vibrant life; Cover the costs of studio rental, tracking, and mixing with a talented engineer/producer who really "gets" the sound we want to make; Help us design, press, and distribute the physical CDs as well as all the goodies included in the reward packages; Enable us to continue investing in the shared creative path and passion we call "The Jinxes"! Kickstarter is an all-or-nothing funding platform. If we don't meet 100% of the project funding goals, we receive $0 and will not be able to record a new album.Thank you for watching our video, getting to know us and the music we're creating, and becoming a partner on this journey. We appreciate your support more than we can say... So we'll just have to sing about it! With gratitude, Kevin & Deanna The Jinxes http://thejinxes.comThe MusicHave a listen to Send Me A Sign, the result of last years' successful Kickstarter campaign. VideoOur latest video! Our most popular video (over 10,000 views!) Recently released - summer indie pop ReviewsHere are a few snippets from recent reviews of Send Me A Sign. "The Jinxes must have heard my call for something a little different and refreshing because on this EP they definitely Send Me A Sign... So how long do I have to wait to hear the next 4 songs?" - Joshua Smotherman, Middle Tennessee Music "...a perfectly blended mix of Acoustic Pop and beautiful Folk music." - Monolith Sound "The Jinxes feature a sound that is crisp, clear, and soothing in its simplicity. This is the kind of sound I can imagine putting on my record player and enjoying all night long." - Pop City Life Risks and challenges In terms of risks and challenges, we certainly did encounter both schedule delays and higher-than-expected costs during the making of our first EP. And while there are never absolute guarantees that schedules won't shift, or budgeting estimates won't need tweaking, we do feel that everything we learned in "Round 1" has already helped us prepare for this second EP. We have established strong working relationships with Gadgetbox Studios, our session musicians, graphic designers and a number of music industry professionals who are all invested in the successful outcome of this project. Our campaign funding goal has been increased to reflect our real (rather than estimated) costs, and we already have plans and outlets for getting these four new songs out to various distribution channels. In short, we've got some experience to go on--and more determination than ever! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter