GLITCHED is a mystery and exploration RPG coming to PC, Mac, and Linux. The game features traditional turn-based combat with a little bit of spice but will primarily focus on the story and how you change it. This will be done through the ESSENCE SYSTEM, which will track a player's personality and morality. After a glitch appears in the world of SOREN, our unexpected hero, Gus, will become aware of you- the player. Experience fourth wall breaking shenanigans while making decisions that will shape this world. We are funded!Thanks to all of our backers! GLITCHED is now funded and will begin development as soon as the Kickstarter is over! If you cannot back through Kickstarter, use our Paypal to pre-order GLITCHED. You'll be able to pre-order GLITCHED for $10 and have the option for a few of our backer rewards as well. This will go down once our Kickstarter campaign is over! But be aware that any money given via Paypal will not reflect on the Kickstarter page total.If you haven't backed us yet, check out our stretch goals to help add content to GLITCHED! GLITCHED is being developed by En House Studios, a Chicago-based game dev team. Instead of wasting your time reading this introduction paragraph, you could be playing a demo of GLITCHED now.(Like right now.) NOTE: This is a demo prototype of the game. It reflects an early development cycle and you can expect changes and improvements to a final version. This version will have some bugs which we will work to fix as soon as possible. We recommend 2 GB of free ram in order to run GLITCHED. A Linux version will be available for the final release only, sorry! The small town of BETWIXT sits far removed from the events of the rest of the world and has always been home to GUS, our unlikely hero. Things remained ever constant until one day his best friend, CONRAD, told him he was going to leave for strange reasons. On the night before CONRAD departs, an unexplained phenomenon, the glitch, seemingly erases his existence from the world. After coming face to face with the glitch, GUS is able to interact and speak to you- the player of GLITCHED. The traumatic event of suddenly losing his friend significantly affects GUS, but luckily you’ll be there to guide him through. Together, you and GUS will explore the world of SOREN and discover the truth behind it all. Each choice you make might influence who decides to be your friend or foe You’ll travel from crowded cities to ancient kingdoms. Remnants and tales of the past will lead you to the answers of the present. You're bound to meet plenty of strange characters on your journey. Some will be friends and other foes- perhaps that choice is left up to you. At its core, GLITCHED is a story driven RPG where the player is constantly making decisions that have an impact of the world of SOREN. In GLITCHED, the ESSENCE SYSTEM will track a player's choices and shape their personality and morality. This system will give each player a unique experience. By exploring the world in your own way, you’ll generate points towards six different ESSENCE alignments. These alignments serve as personality types which will impact characters, story and the world around you. Your interaction with NPCs, how you explore the environment, combat, and even your conversations with GUS will determine your ESSENCE. Each ESSENCE focuses on certain character traits and ideologies. No ESSENCE is good or evil, but instead explains the reasons behind your actions. Through meeting and talking to different NPCs, you’ll get a better idea of what each ESSENCE is about. GLITCHED uses traditional turn based combat with a few twists: There is no leveling or random monster encounters. All combat is story based and players will be making choices that may or may not lead to a brawl. Leveling up and experience are also removed. Players will have to use different party members and equipment in order to change how they approach each battle. Deciding to kill, spare, or find another way to stop a fight will all lead to different story outcomes. Actions in battle are limited to three types: Fighting, Interacting, & Goodies. When enemies cannot fight anymore you'll be able to choose to kill or spare them which will alter the story. You might also choose to interact with your enemy to resolve the conflict in a different way . Lastly, you'll be able to use items in battle to bring about various effects. Check out our stretch goals section to see possible additions to the features of GLITCHED. There are plenty of things to be added, but prioritizing main game play features in the demo means smaller additions did not find their way in. The soundtrack for GLITCHED features music composed by our very own Justin Hilton. Our friend Stijn Van Wakeren also composed a few songs and produced all of the tracks for the demo. Check out more of his work here. Visit the GLITCHED Soundcloud for more tracks here or check out the Band Camp to purchase some of the songs here. Forget Me Not Kinda Lost Slick Like Green Skin Composed by Stijn Van Wakeren Safe & Sound We kept backer rewards as simple as possible. Each tier includes all previous rewards. The early bird special includes the full game, the soundtrack, and the dev book for $10 but is only for the first 75 backers. ⋆ STRETCH GOALS ⋆ Customize a hub town! You’ll be able to pick and choose the layout, buildings, and residents. A quiet (or noisy) place for you and your friends to kick back. Bebo's are our lovable flightless birds. As a species, they are quite infatuated with Gus. As you traverse the world, you’ll run into all different sorts of them. As any good RPG would have you do: it’s time to collect them all. Put your number crunching to the test against a series of turn based combat trials. You’ll be able to build an arcade in your hub town which will include boss rush modes, new game play, and more. Our pixel portraits for each character could use a little love, and with this stretch goal you’ll get two upgrades for the price of one. First, each character will get a nice little talking animation to go along with their speech. Second, each character will get a full sheet of emotions to help bring conversations to life just a bit more. Let’s get those enemy sprites movin’ and groovin’. With this stretch goal we’ll add enemy animations along with some animation to the character cards for your allies. Making the battles just a bit more lively might help during some of those longer encounters. This stretch goal will encompass quite a lot of content. We can’t give away too many details about additions to the game, but you can expect more hours of game play at this stretch goal. This will add things like new places to explore, new quests and characters, new equipment, and more branching stories. At this funding level, we’ll be able to create our ‘dream game’ without leaving content out that we really wished to see in the full release. GLITCHED already has tons of replay-ability with the Essence System, but with New Game+ you will challenge tougher enemies, uncover hidden secrets, and more to reward players who want to experience everything. More details will come once it's unlocked! The friendship system will allow your party members to interact with one another. They will gain points being in the party together and learn tag skills in battle. More character backstory and cool skills await with the friendship system! New quests and characters come along with the day and night system. You'll be able to wait or use an inn to cycle the time of day. Different quests and characters will be available during different parts of the day. More secrets and complex quests! Play GLITCHED on PS Vita! All $10+ backers will get a choice of which platform they would like to receive their copy of GLITCHED on. Play GLITCHED on PS3 and PS4! All $10+ backers will get a choice of which platform they would like to receive their copy of GLITCHED on. Play GLITCHED on XBOX One! All $10+ backers will get a choice of which platform they would like to receive their copy of GLITCHED on. With this stretch goal, all backers will receive free additional content after release. The nature of the DLC we want to keep hidden to avoid spoilers, in total there will be an additional 10-25 hours of content with this stretch goal- free to all backers! Play GLITCHED on your 3DS! All $10+ backers will get a choice of which platform they would like to receive their copy of GLITCHED on. En House Studios is a Chicago based game dev team. While the team is small, we are completely dedicated to this project. Through the demo, we hope to showcase our ability to fully develop GLITCHED. En House Studios LLC is an established limited liability company. All funds earned through Kickstarter will be put directly into the company and go towards the development of GLITCHED. Funding allocation can be seen below in the money section.TUMBLR | TWITTER | FACEBOOK | RPGMaker.net | Itch.io | Press Kit | Steam GREENLIGHT ZACK - Programmer | JUSTIN - Composer & Designer | NIKKO - Lead Designer & Artist Our friends:Anthony Luna (Enemy/Faces Pixel Art) Stijn Van Wakeren (Soundtrack Production) Lou H.If you have any questions, get in contact with us through Kickstarter or social media. We’ll make a video of us answering questions we get! Let’s talk cash. The reason we are here on Kickstarter is because we need more than our personal funds to fully develop GLITCHED. Above, you’ll see the breakdown plan of our spending. A sizable chunk will go to backer rewards. Our development costs can be seen by adding art, soundtrack, licensing, and graphic design together. These all add up to fifty percent of the total. Art will go towards paying our pixel artists and promotional artists. Soundtrack will go towards producing our compositions. Kickstarter fees and taxes will take about ten percent. What’s left will be spent on promotion which gets us to our full budget. This budget changes in the event that we earn more than our asking amount. We’ll update this little pie chart if that does happen to keep you informed on where your money will be going. We wish to be transparent on how we will use these funds and will answer ANY possible question you have about spending. We take development costs very seriously and believe open communication is important to crowdfunding. Risks and challenges Every Kickstarter is a risk. What we have tried to do is showcase not only our serious dedication to the project, but also that we have the skills, means, and environment to develop GLITCHED. We hope that our Kickstarter and demo has provided you enough confidence to consider backing us. With that said, game development has its risks. There are everyday risks such as health, family, and life issues that might happen to anyone. Development risks are where most problems arise. For us, this means extended deadlines, delayed development, or the feared "running out of funds." We have taken a look at the necessities for GLITCHED and have carefully based our budget around that. With more money behind the project comes more security, content, and quality. Our main goal is to deliver GLITCHED. We have estimated a release date of February 2018 but the stated risks could possibly change that. We have laid out our case in this Kickstarter. We have the ability to produce GLITCHED and our demo shows a taste of what the final product will look like. We hope you understand the risks that might happen down the road but also take a look at what we have done to earn your trust in us. We believe greatly in transparency and there will be nothing that happens in development which we don't relay to you. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter