A saturday night in October 2002. High school friends Jace and Cody are pre-drinking before going to a party. As Jace tries to wrap his head around the idea of joining the army and going to war, Cody wrestles with whether or not he should confess the secret he has been keeping from his oldest friend. An ordinary hangout under the overpass turns dangerous when lies are told to expose lies, and the truths revealed threaten to destroy a friendship. We are currently in mid-production for the screen adaptation of Christopher Duthie’s 10-minute play Under the Overpass directed by Ulla Laidlaw, and are fundraising for production and post-production costs. Our equipment has been covered by a grant from the Liaison of Independent Filmmakers of Toronto and we are now working to finance the cost of insurance, location permits, transportation, craft services, editing, film festival submissions, rehearsal space, sound recording and artist fees. After delays to our shooting schedule (our video is a little old), we've just finished a successful two-day shoot in Toronto's Rouge Park, and are hoping to wrap production and move into post-production by early November 2013. Our goal is to have the film finished by the end of 2013, in time for early bird submissions to national and international film festivals. We would be eternally grateful for any level of support you can offer. We are very proud of the film we are making, and would love for you to be a part of it. Risks and challenges Our decision to shoot Under the Overpass outdoors in the conservation zone at Rouge Park has offered its fair share of challenges. We had to delay our shoot by a week due to unpredictable weather, and were confined to certain hours because of traffic. We were also interested in using all natural light, which forced us to have a stricter shooting schedule. We were beset by wind, rain and spawning salmon (some as long as an arm!), but through it all our team has proved to be a resourceful, good-willed, collaborative bunch. We embraced the limitations of our situation to make practical creative choices that have, ultimately, strengthened the artistry of our project. We are a diverse group of artist from different backgrounds, and with varied levels of experience in filmmaking. We know that there will be unforeseen challenges as we move through production and into post-production, but our experience thus far has proven to us that we have the ability, the resources (mentorship and support through LIFT), and the working dynamic to face them. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter