.About SoulShift: This game features a shape-shifting main character whose whole skill set and appearance is determined by the player. Its an adventure game, where the goal of each stage is to reach a certain point. However, the path you take to get there is entirely up to you. Exploration will unlock new skills, and new skills will unlock new paths. Combat will be a key feature, but exploration will trump that, with some fights being able to be avoided altogether if the player is clever enough. Will feature a good end and a bad end, and player choices will influence not just the plot, but character interaction as well. The game's art style will be anime influenced, but with all the appearance options, the style itself will host a fairly wide range. Right now I'm working in N64 era graphics, for the sake of simplicity. While I will be trying to make this game look beautiful, I don't necessarily believe the only way to achieve this is to add more polygons. Graphically, I'd be happy if it could reach Gamecube level graphics, but I don't believe this is 100% required to have a good game. And having the game be good and fun is Priority Number One.About the Kickstarter: If I'm 100% honest, $10k isn't nearly enough to get this project fully funded at the scope I want. What I would really need is more along the lines of $35k. However, $10k does allow me to focus solely on making as high quality a game I can for the next 6-8 months. Every cent over that $10k goal will be going towards making the project better than a one man project. I have several people in mind I'd like to bring on board, but I would never ask anyone to work for free. This includes other animators from my school days, to a composer for music, a sound guy, ect. The more money that comes in, the better the final product will be. However, even if I only get $10k, I should still be able to come out with a bare bones final version by this time next year.Soul Shift Gameplay Introduction: Before each stage, the player will be able to customize the main character however they want. Favorites can be saved, and up to 4 different QuickShifts can be designated from your favorites. The customization options are split between 3 categories: Appearance, Conveyance, and Competence. Appearance options don't have a major effect on gameplay, and are free to customize however you want. This will include hair, outfit, and even body proportions. The other two categories both use skill points to equip and unequip, and have a much heavier effect on gameplay. Conveyance set your interaction with the environment, and include combat and weapons as well as non-combative options such as body language. The final category, Competence, focuses on skills, both combative and otherwise. These will be what effects the players stats the most. Once a player has a favorite set, they will be able to save it as QuickShift. QuickShifts are short lived transformations that can be activated when enough energy has been stored, either by items or other means. QuickShifts might be short in duration, but allow access to another custom set while in a stage, allowing for bonuses like a combat advantage or more exploration options if used wisely. Stages will drop the player at a location on the map with a designated exit point. There will be a map with navigation aids, but it will only give a suggested idea on where to go. Exploration will yield new paths and better rewards that will not always be clearly marked on the map. Some areas will have bosses that could curb stomp the player, or other obstacles to inhibit progress. However, the player can choose their preferred strategy. The boss must have a weakness, do you try to find it, or do you take an alternate path and avoid the fight all together. Some bosses might not necessarily be evil, and having their aid later on might prove useful. Or they might possess a new skill that you can only learn by defeating them. Or both. Players will have to grind to refine their skills, and so replay must be taken into account. If there are cut-scenes, they will be skipable. New skills will unlock new paths, or even shortcuts, to avoid having the player being forced through the exact same situation over and over. The levels themselves should be a large as possible, and stuffed full of secret passageways, with substantial rewards for those clever enough to find them. To limit the 'beat X number monsters to level up Y skill', each skill will have no less than 3 ways they can be improved, with combat experience only being one of them. Other methods could include finding a book on the topic, having a conversation with an NPC master, or even just practicing on your own. The end location will usually feature a challenge of some sort. While its easy to thriw in a boss fight, I don't want it to be limited to that. For example, if you take Route B to enter the final area, maybe you learned about the secret trap door under the boss's feet, and all you have to do is figure out how to trigger it from a distance. While this game has combat as an option, if it devolves into just hitting attack over and over again, it runs the risk of going stale. So while combat will always be an option, it should never be the only option. You won't be able to avoid conflict on your travels, but if want to avoid bloodshed, by playing smart you should be able to meet your goal. In terms of gameplay inspiration, I'm shooting for a cross between Zelda: Majora's Mask, Zelda: Hyrule Warriors, and Kingdom Hearts 2. Majora's mask for the dungeon ideas and multiple form usage, Hyrule Warriors for gameplay complexity (even though I don't plan to fill the wilderness with anywhere near as many weak monsters), and Kingdom Hearts 2 for the AP and skill system. While none of these aspects will be duplicated exactly, if you're familiar with those games, then you might have a basic idea of exactly what I'm going for. As far as production goes, all skills and gameplay elements will be thoroughly tested before I even think about the story. This is so the player character full skill set is taken into consideration with all storytelling aspects I want to avoid gameplay dissonance as much as possible, especially given the nature of the characters powers. However the basic idea for the story stems from one over arching theme: finding who you are. The main character can be anyone or anything, but has no idea who exactly they are. Over the course of the journey, the question will be are they who they were in the past, the present, or the future. How do you justify dreams for tomorrow if you don't understand their foundations in yesterday? Risks and challenges For any video game, $10k is an extremely tight budget. All it really does is allow me to work on it without the distractions of a second job for 6-8 months. While I will do my best, and I'm confident I will have something by the end of that time, the lack of polish will be incredibly obvious. However, this risk is offset by the stretch goals, which will go towards increasing production staff. I'm not opposed to releasing updated versions of this project in the future, but I also want it to be the first of many projects, so we'll see how this works. Another risk would be that I have animation training, but no background in coding or game design. My hope is that by using unreal engine, I'm able to make a game of decent quality despite this. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter