What is this film about?In one sentence:Aaron Wesley, a teenager spending his first night in jail, has an unexpected conversation with his cellmate, revealing a passionate yet troubled boy beneath his apathetic teenage façade.In a few paragraphs: Cellmate is a dialogue-driven character analysis that follows Aaron Wesley, a teenager arrested for a minor crime, who tries almost too hard to be a "bad-kid", as he attempts to avoid conversation with his cellmate, John Mackintire, an older man spending the night in jail for having been "drunk and disorderly".Despite his irresponsibility with alcohol, John actually has a lot of insight to offer into Aaron's situation, as he draws on many of his own past experiences to help Aaron through his present struggles, and as the two unlikely cellmates gradually warm-up to each other, they begin a surprisingly profound discussion about how they got there, their past experiences and ultimately their regrets and flaws. Concept Art for Cellmate Cellmate is a story about the unlikely bond between a young reprobate gang-kid, who is in fact a victim of his own situation, and an older "wise-man" who hopes to help Aaron overcome his adversities, all told over the course of one evening in a holding cell.What makes Cellmate unique? Cellmate is a coming-of-age story that brings together many different issues of life that people struggle with every day. This film carefully balances such subjects as: war, death, guilt, hope, love and happiness, rejecting the norm of taking a viewer on an outer-journey, and instead taking them on a profound and much more meaningful inner-journey.It's a story that was written by a teenager about a teenager, which is why it is such a personal film. It presents the struggles of high school and the difficulty of growing up in a way that can be understood by adults and teenagers alike, which is why it's a story that has to be told.Who is Sasha Sibley?I am a sixteen year-old filmmaker, and I've been making films since I was 5 years-old, all the while gradually increasing my production sizes, skill set and quality of my films as a result.Ever since I was little, I remember having these big movie ideas. I would come up with fully fleshed-out storylines for three-hour movies and tell them to all of my friends and family, hoping to one day make those movies. Even at the age of five, I knew I wanted to make feature films. Sasha Filming at a young age Short films are fun and intriguing and most importantly "doable" for a person of my age, but feature films are often that lofty unattainable goal that even most adult filmmakers never get to do. Sasha and the crew on the set of Ringtone (2013) Over the past eleven years, I've gone from making simple home videos to full-scale professional short films. It's been a long journey, but I don't intend to stop here. My latest film, Water, can be seen below. Other films I've made include Ringtone (2013): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVIRG0sreX4, and Striking Choice (2011): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-wCNA-I-Lo.It has taken me many years to build up this portfolio of films, and every time I've wanted to make a film in the past few years, I've had to spend nearly all of my savings to do so. The production of 'Water' (a film which cost $2,000 to make) Unfortunately, I've reached a point in my quest for quality where I can no longer fund these films solely on my own and I need your help to raise the money for my next project.Cellmate is a script I've been working on for over a year now, and it's a project that I tried to fund last year on Indiegogo. If you're interested, here's the link to the old campaign: http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/cellmate-a-short-film-project/x/2648046.You may have noticed that the old campaign said: Cellmate a short film project. That's because ever since the fundraising campaign fell through, I've been reworking and rewriting Cellmate, looking for new ways to broaden the story and expand the characters, and since then it has taken on a new form as a feature film.You also may have noticed that last year, I was asking for 25k, whereas this year I'm only asking for 3k. One, because I had to curb my expectations, seeing as I only raised 3% of my goal last year, and two, because I was able to raise some money on my own this past year which will help with some of the expenses. This leads right into my next question:Why do you need 3k?This is probably the most technical question I get, since it deals specifically with budget and fund allocation, but at the same time it is a very relevant question, and one that I think I neglected to answer properly with my first campaign. So, in response, I have created a basic outline for what the funds would be used for (below), as well as an explanation of what I am doing outside of Kickstarter to help raise the rest of the funds.Camera and lenses: (approx. $3,000) - Yes, you read that right. The camera is going to cost about the amount of this campaign (if it is successful). The camera I'd like to rent is a RED Scarlet, which I used for Water, and which is considered by many to be one of the best digital movie cameras available. Rest assured, your money will not be used just to pay for a camera rental, but will instead be doled out equally across all of following costs. Still of the RED Scarlet used during the production of 'Water' Actors: (approx. $3,000) - For all of the characters in the film, based on the average acting wages of my productions in the past, I would need (another) 3k to pay all of the people who are going to be in this movie. I know it's a lot, but securing talented professional actors is of the utmost importance in order for this film to succeed.Misc.: (approx. $1,500) - All additional costs including food, props, wardrobe, location costs, additional rentals, etc. can be pretty much lumped into this miscellaneous category. This is actually a very conservative estimate of what we'd actually need. That is why I'm hoping, I can raise more than my goal because that will allow me to broaden the allocation to this category, which will do a lot for the actual quality of the final product.For those of you who have been keeping count, you may be surprised to have found the grand total cost to be $7,500, ($4,500 more than the goal for this campaign). As I mentioned earlier, I've been able to save up some money on my own through various jobs as well as help from family and friends to fund this project. That said, if I don't get at least $3,000 (which is a VERY conservative estimate of what I need), then this film simply will not be possible.At the end of the day, I have to be honest, this film will come out much better if we have more resources. The more the better. So even if we reach our goal of $3,000, please don't stop donating or spreading the word, because we need all the help we can get to make this film the best it can possibly be.Before I transition to the next subject, I just wanted to clarify that my dad, Montgomery Sibley, is in charge of the funds for this project and is in charge of this campaign. Since I'm a minor, the funds we raise will be going into his bank account and they will then go from there straight into the budget for this movie, that is, only if we reach our goal...which brings me to our next topic: Risks and challenges The #1 risk with any project on Kickstarter is the simple fact that if we don't reach our $3,000 goal we get nothing...in essence, if we had $2,999 at the end of our deadline, there would be no film. What this means? We need all the help we can get, and not just in dollar signs, though that is the most direct means, but also by word of mouth. Plain and simple: If you know people, tell them about this film! All it takes is a couple clicks to send a message with the link to this page to a few of your friends. Not only will it help us, it will give you that warm fuzzy feeling inside, knowing you've helped others! Thanks in advance for your generous support! Learn about accountability on Kickstarter