(2 preview songs in video!)Alchemy of Shadow and Light is a concept album exploring themes of paradox, Jungian Shadow Integration Work, the blending of seemingly opposing belief structures into a cohesive whole, and how all of these tie into the evolution of the individual and collective. The alchemical Philosopher’s Stone is electronically forged through this album, created through a psycho-emotional transformation process. The Stone is a symbolic representation of a process of dissolution, blending, and recombining of schema/archetypal elements of the internal world. Each song was crafted with both enjoyment and healing in mind, emanating vibrational patterns ranging from body-moving dancy tunes, to ambient soundscapes of ethereal realms outside of our time-space continuum, to trance-inducing binaural beats, and more. This album channels energies from the most luminous and abyssal planes of existence, allowing for a wide diversity of listening-temperaments to resonate with and integrate the themes and symbols presented. Alchemy of Shadow and Light is an attempt to spark a rebirth into wholeness in the midst of an increasingly fracturing and chaotic world. Tracklist:1. Being in the Crystal Cavern [6:23]2. ParadoxodaRap (feat. Rumi³ Cube) [6:41]3. Everything and Nothing (Simultaneously) [11:18]4. Blueprints for the Eschaton [10:04]5. Arcanum X [5:18]6. Shadow Gargoyles [6:32]7. Six Armed Blue Goddess [5:17]8. Osiris [8:32]9. Curious Mercurious (feat. Jonathan Zap) [5:41]10. Lapis Singularitorum (feat. Jonathan Zap) [5:41]----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The funds being raised for this Kickstarter page will go towards funding various costs of production for the album. The single largest expense is for the custom-designed album art work, created by visionary artist Jake Kobrin. Check out his website or his facebook page to see his fabulous work! Designs and sketches for the album art will be uploaded soon. You can purchase the original, ONE OF A KIND, fine-art piece made for the album cover, signed by Jake Kobrin - for the $777 reward (only 1 available!), OR poster prints for the $22 level reward. The next most major expenses are for CD's, CD cases, paper, ink, printing equipment, etc.Finally, a small portion of the total will be for compensation for my work on this album. It took months and dozens of hours of work to create this album. This money will be put towards creating a website and upgrading my musical equipment, maybe another midi controller or software to make better music. Risks and challenges I don't see any major risks or setbacks. The album is pretty much done, just have to insert a few vocal tracks and balance sound levels, you know, nitty-gritty details to make it a totally polished piece. The only thing that I can really think of is that it may take longer than I expect to get albums printed and items shipped, but I think there is ample time to get it all processed. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter