We believe everyone should have access to a world of music without compromise on sound quality at an affordable price. The first IoT (Internet of Things) headphones A new generation of music device that can directly interact with the cloud New music listening experience Like streaming music, but without needing to be connected to the Internet An independent music player in a pair of headphones Plays music instantly when you put it on Smart over-the-ear headphones Learns your musical preferences with our Music Cortex technology Selects and caches new songs for you from the Aivvy cloud when charging Right now, it's hard to achieve the music listening experience we want. We spend too much time and effort: managing music downloads making a new playlist for every occasion charging our devices searching for wifi networks financing streaming data plans With Aivvy Q, your music listening experience will never be the same... Listen Aivvy Q is an independent player. Your music starts instantly when you put it on. Tap, swipe and rotate to control your music playback. Use Aivvy's companion mobile app to see the current song and set up music channels.Learn Through your actions (tap, swipe, rotate), Aivvy Q learns your musical preferences. It also remembers where and when you took these actions. Recommend Aivvy Q syncs with the Aivvy cloud. The cloud uses recommendation engines to pull more music you’ll love from a library of millions of songs. Cache While it's charging, Aivvy Q automatically updates the onboard music library for you. Listen again When it’s done caching, Aivvy Q switches itself to offline mode with the music selected just for you. The more you use Aivvy Q, the better it understands what you love. It becomes your personal DJ. Aivvy Q is still in development. Final product design and specifications are subject to change due to unforeseen challenges. Product design Comfort, sound quality and ease of use were our top design objectives while creating Aivvy Q. But we also designed Aivvy Q to age gracefully. With use, the leather on Aivvy Q will develop unique characteristics reflecting you - its owner, and how you use and interact with your device. So not only will Aivvy Q offer better technological performance as you use it, finding the perfect song for every moment - it will become more beautiful, too. Materials: leather, aluminum, fabric, plastic Colors: white, black, brown Sound quality Music in the Aivvy Cloud is CD quality or higher ( >= 320 kbps), and doesn't degrade or distort when it's cached to your Aivvy Q. This is how your music was meant to be heard. Active Noise Cancellation Aivvy Q offers dual-mode adaptive noise cancellation that you can switch on and off. Auto Pause When you take your Aivvy Q off, it automatically pauses the song you were listening to. Battery Aivvy Q's ultra low power design enables an industry-leading battery life of up to 40 hours of continuous playback on a single charge. Works with your phone You can use Aivvy's mobile app to view what's playing and your listening history, as well as customize channels to your own musical preferences. Aivvy Q can also function like a traditional pair of headphones. Simply connect the powered off (passive mode) Aivvy Q to your phone or laptop with the included audio cable to take a call or watch a movie. Aivvy @SXSW We went to the SXSW Trade Show in March! Here's some of the great feedback people gave on our handmade prototypes: "I’m in! It is best audio streaming interface I’ve ever experienced, and compatible with Sirius XM. Lets you run/bike and listen to great audio without getting RF power across your skin from cellular data streaming radio, but with flexibility, spontaneity and ease not matchable by listening to just device-stored playlist shuffle music. Astounding hybrid personal audio technology." - Martine Rothblatt, CEO of United Therapeutics. "Hands-free smart headphones offer seamless experience! ..." - Robert Ivan @metaprinter "Enjoying @Aivvy's smart headphones. Gesture-based controls..." - Adriel Hampton @adrielhampton "Aivvy Q promises a magical music experience. Right from wireless streaming to an in-built music shuffler, this is perfect for someone who is constantly on the go. Their Kickstarter price also hits the sweet spot. Recommended!" - hypi.st "Aivvy Q to be the first 'Internet of Things' headphones" - Adam Molina | Sound Guys "The brilliance of this approach is that you when you’re not at home (or otherwise don’t have WiFi access), you won’t be paying for expensive online streaming (eating up monthly GB data usage limits and requiring constant Internet access), but you also won’t have to compromise music quality*." - Amara D. Angelica, co-founder and Editor of KurzweilAI.net. "providing a new music listening experience that is instant, responsive and simple, the aivvy ‘Q’ headphones learn the wearer’s genre preferences through actions, locations and timings... using a combination of leather, aluminum, fabric and plastic, the 255g weighing aivvy ‘Q’ is constructed for comfort, sound quality and ease of use." - tim spears | designboom Ultra Low power Wi-Fi, 2.4 GHz band, IEEE 802.11b/g/n Bluetooth Low Energy for setting and control Free companion app that supports iOS & Android 32GB built-in storage Driver Unit: 40 mm, 32 Ω Sensitivity (db): 117dB Frequency Response: 20 - 20,000 Hz Ultra low-power audio SoC with supported formats: FLAC, MP3, APE, WMA, AAC, WAV Efficient Active Noise Cancellation 5-band Adjustable Equalizer Built-in Lithium-ion rechargeable battery Continuous music playback up to 40 hours 3 hours charging from empty to full Dimension: 163.5 x 137.5 x 82 mm Weight: 9 oz. (255 g) (Achieved!) If we exceed $150K, we will deliver the capability to upload old music libraries to help with the headphones' learning process. With a USB cable, you can copy your favorite songs from your digital downloads library to Aivvy Q. From there, Aivvy Q will identify, analyze and learn your music preferences, and create a musical flow with more songs you may like. (Achieved!) If we exceed $175K, we'll design rotatable earcups for Aivvy Q. The rotating earcups will make it easier to store the headphones, as well as make a thinner profile for wearing Aivvy Q around your neck when it's not in use. If we exceed $200K, we'll be able to make Aivvy Q's Active Noise Cancellation available when your Aivvy Q is connected to a secondary device (like a phone or computer) via audio cable. If we exceed $300K, we will build the ability to share your music with other headphones or connect to a portable speaker using an audio cable. The Aivvy Team at our office in the GSVlabs coworking space in Redwood City, CA. You're welcome to visit us at the GSVlabs and try our handmade working prototypes. Feel free to email us at hi@aivvy.com and schedule a time to come by! Thank you for exploring our Kickstarter campaign! Aivvy Q is the result of collaboration. Many people have helped us get to where we are today. Now, we're looking to Kickstarter to find a community of early backers who will help us expand our vision and push Aivvy Q into mass production. Return Policy & Warranty In case you are not satisfied with your device or other pledge product, you can return it for a full refund within 14 calendar days of the product receipt as long as it’s in new condition. We warrant the device against defects in materials and workmanship under ordinary consumer use for one year from the date of actual shipping. Risks and challenges Aivvy Q is an integration of hardware, cloud and software. It is not easy to simplify everything and distill your music needs into one sophisticated device. But we did it and have the working prototypes to prove it. Now, we have the challenge of manufacturing Aivvy Q on a mass scale - this means tackling how we source all of Aivvy Q's parts and ensuring a high standard of quality. Our team has close relationships with our manufacturing partners and strong backgrounds in consumer electronics. We're confident that we have the right team and skills to minimize the manufacturing risks and deliver Aivvy Q to you on time. Learn about accountability on Kickstarter